mc.happy-hg.com;Happy Hunger Games Network
play.dancraft.net;DANCRAFT
play.unionmc.net;Union MC
meepcraft.com;MeepCraft
play.luckyprison.com;Lucky Prison
mc.hypixel.net;Hypixel Network
play.cubecraft.net;Cube Craft Games
play.primemc.org;PrimeMC
na.badlion.net;Badlion Network
mc.gotpvp.com;GotPvP Network
pvp.thearchon.net;TheArchon
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft Network
play.phanaticmc.com;PhanaticMC
play.lemoncloud.org;LemonCloud
mc-central.net;Minecraft Central
FadeCloud.com;FadeCloud Network
UberMC.net;UberMC.net
play.vortexpvp.com;Vortex Network
mineverse.com;Mineverse
YayMC.com;Yay MC
us.lichcraft.com;Lichcraft
pixel.rc-gamers.com;RC-Pixelmon 
emenbee.net;Emenbee Realms
skyblock.net;Skyblock
Minetime.com;Minetime
mc.arkhamnetwork.org;Arkham Network
play.Mythcraftpvp.com;MythCraft Network
blocky.me;Blockify
mineheroes.net;MineHeroes.net
mc.blockdrop.net;BlockDrop Network
miningdead.com;The Mining Dead
play.empiremc.org;Empire
omegarealm.com;Omega Realm
purpleprison.net;Purple Prison OP
play.thedestinymc.com;Destiny Network
CosmicMC.Network;Cosmic Craft
mc.beanblockz.com;BeanBlockz
skyblock.xyz;skyblock.xyz
play.reevemc.com;The Reeve Network
mc.momentonetwork.net;MomentoNetwork
play.minelink.net;Minelink Network
opmines.net;opmines
planetmine.org;PlanetMine
play.randomcraft.org;RandomCraft
pixel.un-linked.com;Pixelmon Unlinked
pvp.Desteria.com;Desteria
play.minevast.com;MineVast
mc.snapcraft.net;Snapcraft
mc.mineagepvp.org;Mineage Factions
play.pvpingmc.org;PvPingMC
omegacraft.cl;OmegaCraft
play.pika-network.net;pika-network
saicopvp.com;SaiCoPvP
play.extremecraft.net;ExtremeCraft.Net
creativefun.eu;Creative Fun
play.evopvp.net;EvoPvP Network
play.islandclash.com;Island Clash
mc.pixelmonmmo.com;Pixelmon MMO
us.mineplex.com;Mineplex
us.skyparty.me;Skyparty.me
play.mineverge.net;MineVerge Network
play.rebirthcraft.net;RebirthCraft
Classicsb.com;Classic Skyblock
play.viperhcf.com;ViperHCF
server.cityprison.net;CityPrison Prison Server
mc.clubobsidian.com;Club Obsidian
play.opcraft.net;OPCraft
mc.gamesmadeinpola.com;GamesMadeInPola
opanarchy.com;OPAnarchy
play.jartexnetwork.com;JartexNetwork
infinitymc.com;InfinityMC Network
mineca.de;Minecade
McRevival.com;McRevival
play.minesuperior.com;MineSuperior
mc.infectedrpg.ca;InfectedRPG DayZ
play.maestrea.com;Maestrea
Ghasts.COM;Pure Realms
play.journeygaming.com;Journey Gaming
mc.minejam.com;MineJam
mc.endergod.net;ENDERGOD
play.z-mc.net:25576;ZMinecraft
play.shotbow.net;Shotbow
play-dc.com;Destructioncraft
monman11.com;monman11 MegaHUB
play.aemservers.net;AEM Network
mc.hisocraft.net;HisoCraft
play.luckyprison.com;Lucky Prison
mc.ecocitycraft.com;EcoCityCraft
Powercraft.me;Powercraft Network
play.mineraze.us;Mineraze 
mc.drizzard.com;Drizzard
massivecraft.com;MassiveCraft
play.velocity-mc.com;VelocityMC
mcfoxcraft.com;Foxcraft
play.EDawg878.com;EDawg878 Creative
mc.ohgaming.net;OhGaming Modded Minecraft Network
PVP.SC;Imperial Networks
play.skyquests.org;SkyQuests
Play.BlazeVortex.com;BlazeVortex
pvp.zone;PVP.Zone
server.Minewind.com;Minewind
blockville.net;Blockville
chaoticprison.org;CHAOTIC
play.skycade.net;SkyCade
mc.fearpvp.com;FearPvP.com
mc.sky-craft.it;SkY-Craft
play.infinitymc.net;InfinityMC
play.unionmc.net;Union MC
play.horizonpvp.com;HorizonPVP
play.mayhem-multiverse.com;Octagami s Mayhem Multiverse
mc-gtm.net;Grand Theft Minecart GTA
play.maplecraftmc.com;MapleCraft OP Factions 
mondopia.eu;Mondopia
play.dancraft.net;DANCRAFT
mc.playpixelmon.org;PlayPixelmonMC 
play.pm-mc.com;Project Mayhem
play.royaltypvp.us;RoyaltyPvP
a1craft.com;a1craft.com
pvp.seamc.net;BattleAU
play.paradise-mc.net;ParadiseNetwork
play.arcadianmc.com;ArcadianMC
Mc.FrostyFactions.Com;FrostyFactions
Hoss.im;HossNation Factions
mc.WafflezMC.com;WafflezMC
hub.sky-mc.net;SkyHub
meepcraft.com;MeepCraft
smp.hometownmc.com;Hometown
miragepvp.com;Mirage PvP 4.0
play.Jevination.net;Jevination
play.jailmine.co.uk;JailMine
Play.Disorbs.Net;Disorbs Skyblock
play.minemensia.com;MineMensia
play.superfuntime.org;Super Fun Time
play.cwoare.nl;Cwoare
mc.extremefactions.com;ExtremeFactions
EpicSB.com;Epic Skyblock
ThePriz.com;The Priz
MCWarside.com;MCWarside
tinetwork.net;Treasure Island
play.xealgaming.net;Xeal Gaming
Brawl.com;Brawl
eu.playhc.ms;Hollandcraft
play.emc.gs;Empire Minecraft
mc.craftrealms.com;CraftRealms
play.furiouspvp.net;FuriousPVP 6.0
mc.CycloneNetwork.org;CycloneNetwork
119.81.145.73:42720;Battlepinas
mcgamer.zone;McGamerZone
timelesspvp.net;Timeless PvP
play.townyage.com;TownyAge
mc.thenova.net;The Nova
play.mcgodwars.co;Godwars
thecoa.st;The Coast
pwing.net;pwing
hub.noble-craft.net;Noble Craft Network
play.mc-drugs.com;MCDrugs
play.koonkraft.net;KoonKraft
play.nemegaming.org;Nemesis Gaming
mc.2gcrafters.com;2Gcrafters
play.zironenetwork.com;ZironeNetwork
ElementSB.com;Element Skyblock
mc.jerseycraft.net;Jerseycraft Network Cracked
play.minecats.com;MineCats
play.oneshotmc.com;OneShotmc
mc.orecraft.com;OreCraft
pvp.originmc.org;ORIGIN
becto.net;Becto.net
riksrealm.com;RiksRealm
grmpixelmon.com;grmpixelmon
play.factionslab.com;FactionsLab
play.squadcraft.net;SquadCraft
mc.hyverse.net;Hyverse
mafiacraft.net;MafiaCraft
play.shadowblockz.com;Shadowblockz
play.castlecraftmc.net;CastleCraft
creativecraft.us;CreativeCraft
Play.NirvanaMC.com;NirvanaMC
mc.infinityraids.net;InfinityRaids OP Factions
play.brutalfactions.us;BrutalFactions
93.123.18.14;Divictus Gaming
play.opalcraft.net;OpalCraft
play.pikacity.com;PikaCity
mc.elysiumnetwork.org;Elysium Network
play.pokeverse.org;Pokeverse
mc.cowcraft.net;CowCraft
play.infiniteheightsmc.com;InfiniteHeights
mc.elyssiamc.com;ElyssiaMC
mc.tempuspvp.net;TempusPvP
Mc.DifferentCraft.Net;DifferentCraft Towny
Pixelmania.co;PixelMania 
play.dawnhaven.net;DawnHaven
mc.warzonepvp.ca;WarZone Gun PvP
play.loot.network;Loot Network
cadia.co;CraftCadia Network
mc.supremeprison.us;Supreme Prison
mc.playvelocity.com;Velocity Network
blurkit.net;BlurkitCraft
79.124.56.57;ExoppaBulgaria
DreamRaids.com;DreamRaids
play.pokeclub.net;PokeClub
castlemc.com;CastleMC
craftworldpvp.no-ip.org;Craftworld
scav.tv;Scavenger Craft PVP
pvp.rebootmc.com;RebootMC 4.0
hexagonmc.eu;HexagonMC.eu Pixelforce
play.vcprison.com;VCPrison
hendrixmc.net;HendrixMC
valcrestmc.com;Valcrest
Play.EvolutionCraft.Ro;Play.EvolutionCraft.Ro
hub.tronopolis.net;Tronopolis
play.pixelcade.net;Pixelcade
b.lotc.co;Lord Of The Craft
play.ethoseconomy.com;Ethos Economy
mc.pixelcub.net;PixelCub  Network
InsanePrison.org;InsanePrison
mc.MineNite.com;MineNite Network
mc-gladiators.com;MC Gladiators Skyblock
thedarkage.nl;TheDarkAge
lonewolves.net;LoneWolves
Vnlla.net;Vnlla
Envyblock.org;Envy Block
play.eoscraftmc.com;EosCraft
play.minepeak.com;MinePeak
mc.oxydrug.com;OxyDrug
mc.happy-hg.com;Happy Hunger Games Network
Play.FrostyPvP.Com;FrostyPvP
Play.Goldenleaf-mc.com;GoldenLeaf Survival
mc.demrie.com;Demrie
play.beastcraft.net;BeastCraft Skyblock
diamond.voxmc.com;Vox Populi
play.datpixel.net;DatPixel
pvp.insaneraids.com;InsaneRaids
aztecmc.org;AztecMC
play.corbacraftmc.com;Corbacraft Survival Network
br.mcmatriz.net;MCMatriz
play.rsacraft.co.za;RSAcraft
play.deitiespvp.com;Deitiespvp
gold.voxmc.com;Vox Populi Gold
build-hive.net;Build Hive
hy-pvp.net;Hysteria Network
pmon.the-spartans.org;the-spartans Pixelmon
Valhalla.sx;Valhalla.Sx
us.oc.tc;Overcast Network
play.minesplit.com;MineSplit Factions
SurvivalSB.com;Survival Skyblock
Play.G-Craftserver.net;G-Craft Towny and Creative
Skyblock.online;Skyblock Online
redzonecraft.org;RedzoneCraft
vapormc.co;VaporMC
play.ultimatenetwork.eu:25571;Ultimate-Network
mc.thedc-network.com;DrugCraft
omega.beastmc.com;Omega Superheroes
emerald.voxmc.com:25567;Vox Populi Emerald
us.latty.info;LattyCraft
framepvp.com;Frame Network
mc.tr1pw1re.com;Tr1pW1re
mc.weirdocraft.com;WeirdoCraft
Play.CursedMC.Net;CursedMC
dreamsmc.net;TropicalDreams
EpsilonPrison.net;Epsilon Mc OP Prison/Drugs/Custom/Mcmmo
play.mineridge.net;MineRidge.net
mc.litpvp.com;LitPvP
172.93.98.18:25770;Outsidercraft
play.new-heaven.us;New Heaven
158.69.123.126;RealRaidz
mc.pvpbulgaria.eu;PvPBulgaria
SymortalFactions.mcph.co;SymortalFactions
minecove.org;MineCove
server.benderscraft.net;BendersCraft
dcpvp.net;DerpCraft Network
play.montycraft.com;MontyCraft Network
play.cweepahcraft.net;CweepahCraft
sf.hydrox.co;HydroX SkyFactory 2.1
odiegaming.com;OdieGaming
mc.venompvp.org;VenomPvP
play.nyxeria.com;Nyxeria
hub.ecb-mc.net;ECB Network
play.tagcraftmc.com;TagCraftMC
playmcm.net;Minecraft Murder
pvp.beastfactions.net;Beast Factions
lostforce.com;LostForce
play.blockedup.net;Blocked Up Network
play.snw.io;Shocknetwork
mc.hell-craft.com;HellCraft
play.dahp.us;Dumbledores Army
mc-endgameserver.com;End Game
mc.johnnywoof.net;Johnnywoof Servers
original-gamers.net;OriginalGamers
play.civwars.net;Civilization Wars
mc.punchcraft.us;Punchcraft Network
play.craftofclans.net;CraftofClans
play.PlexMC.net;PlexMC
mc.minecub.es;Minecub
MC.FactionHustlers.com;Faction Hustlers
play.nordicraft.net;NordiCraft
play.luminexmc.net;LuminexMC
play.minevision.net;Minevision
13456.mcpro.co;iCraft
play.obbypvp.us;ObbyPvP
play.saladcraft.net;SaladCraft
mc.onepeace.net;One Peace
mc.comugamers.com;AventuraCraft by Comugamers
play.skylarkpvp.net;SkyLarkPvP
mc.diversitysmp.com;DiversitySMP
ulmc.net;Unleashed MC
mc.bananaprison.com;Banana Prison
play.parallaxmc.com;ParallaxMC
Play.UnityNetworkMc.com;Unity Network
oxpvp.org;OxPvP
Mc.HyperBian.com;HyperBian Network
play.pokeboltmc.com;Pokeboltmc
play.hellominers.com;HelloMiners
play.minecraft.dk;SpaceBugSMP
mc-cb.net;Creative Build Network
SwungSword.com;SwungSword
beefpvp.eu;Beefpvp
play.minefrost.net;MineFrost Network
play.pokenexus.com;PokeNexus
mc.awnw.net;A Whole New World (Whitelist)
play.faithfulmc.com;FaithfulMC
play.SnakeMC.com;SnakeMC
raidpvp.me;RaidPvP | Custom Enchants |
mc.tacoland.es;TacoLand
93.123.18.74;Bitixcraft resindece pvp mobarena mcmmo
factionsage.com;FactionsAge
glowstonepvp.com;GlowstonePVP
tekkit.lycodon.com;Lycodon Tekkit Lite
mc.flamesurvival.com;Flame Network
play.oxymc.com;OxyMC - Kraljevstva
mc.raidpvp.us;Raid PVP
SpikyBite.Net;SpikyBite
ruinscraft.com;Ruinscraft
cookiesrealm.mcnode.net;Cookies Realm
mc.emeraldcraft.com.ar;Emerald Craft Network
mc.infernalrealms.ca;Infernal Realms
79.124.56.52:25566;GamePlex
frontiernetwork.co;Frontier Network
Play.ForeverPlay.Net;Forever Play
scarlet.supernoobs.net;SuperNoobs
gammamc.net;GammaMC
play.mcplay.zone;McPlayZone
Play.Sky-Block.com;SkyBlock
minetasia.servermc.nl;MineTopia (MineTasia)
smp.boamor.co.uk;Bo Amor
mc.ChaosOP.net;ChaosOP
mythicalfrost.com;MythicalFrost
Berserk-MC.Com;BerserkMC
mc.hcserver.com;Hardcores Minecraft Server
srpvp.com;SurrealCraft
play.hc.to;Herocraft Minecraft RPG
I-Survival.com;I-Survival
oasis-mc.us;Oasis SMP
mc.MirageCraft.net;MirageCraft Pixelmon
Originalsb.com;Original Sky Block
play.ghastlegion.com;GhastLegion
RiftMC.US;RiftMC
karprebellion.com;KarpRebellion
lonewolves.net;LoneWolves Network
play.rageraid.org;RageRaid - play.rageraid.org
play.mccities.com; MC Cities Live the City Life
play.nightshadeserver.com;NightShade Pixelmon
hub.megacrafting.com;Mega Craft
play.crusademines.com;CrusadeMines
158.69.118.225:25606;Pure Nature | Factions
play.noxxicpvp.com;NoxxicPVP
skyrim-mc.net;SkyrimCraft
blockcityjail.com;Block City Jail
Raiding.US;BC Network
mc.pandoragaming.net;Pandora Gaming
413.io;SkaiaCraft Cracked
mc.playcraftworld.us;CraftWorld Network
mc.fortcraft.net;FortCraft
198.50.233.111;HollowCraft
play.teegeecraft.net;TeegeeCraft
mc3.minejoin.com:26462;MineXtreme Factions & Full pvp
mcmagic.us;MCMagicParks
mc.revival-craft.com;Revival Craft
158.69.118.225:25586;Terus Kingdom
play.legendaryplanet.net;LegendaryPlanet
FactionsCranked.com;Factions Cranked
play.pandemicnetwork.com;Pandemic Network | Factions | MCMMO | 
ccmc.pw;CrystalCraftMC
pixelmoncraft.com;PixelmonCraft
mc.megaplanet.net;MEGA Planet
mc.pegaso-network.com;Pegaso-Network
mc.celestianetwork.com;Celestia Network
novel3rd.blue;novel3rd
endstation-minecraft.de;Endstation-Minecraft
play.stompzcraft.com;Stompzcraft
Mc.TheMianiteRealms.Net:37211;The Mianite Realms
mc.mashacraft.net;Mashacraft
mc.craftland.me;Craftland Network
play.galekkergamen.nl;GaLekkerGamen Kingdom
play.magicpvp.com;MagicPvP 24/7
play.alfacraft.es;AlfaCraft Network
optimamc.net;OptimaMC
Play.PokeSlam.com;PokeSlam
layersmc.com;LayersMC
play.endertale.net;Endertale
towny.jingomcs.com;Jingos Minecraft Server Network
survival.ausmine.net;AusMine
skywars.com;SkyWars
smp.omnikraft.net;OmniKraft SMP
Mc.ChargedMinecraft.Com;ChargedMinecraft
pvp.mozartrealms.com;Mozartrealms
Play.MineRoyale.Net;MineRoyale
play.chaospvp.org;ChaosPVP
s26.hosthorde.com:25860;World Of Eldin
play.eclipsemc.us;EclipseMC
mc.paradiserealms.net;Paradise Realms & ShadowRaze
37.187.150.162:26102;PixelAdventureCraft
sacrednetwork.no-ip.org;Sacred Network
Play.VoidRealms.net;Void Realms
TeamHC.DE;TeamHC 
jogar.fightcraftbr.com;FightNetwork
play.rarycraft.co;RaryCraft
play.pvptown.net;PvPTown
grmcloud.com;GRM Cloud
play.cloudyrealms.com;CloudyRealms
heavencraftbg.ddns.net;HeavencraftBG
66.85.165.170:55754;Pixelmon Genesis
pokecentral.org;Pokecentral
play.deadlymc.net;DeadlyMC
play.craft.pw;Magma Network
play.vividmc.net;VividMC
play.enixgaming.com;EnixGaming | Towny | Slimefun | Cracked
PowerFul-MC.Net;PowerFul-MC Network
play.evolvecraft.com;Evolvecraft Gaming Network
mc.buildfreeks.com;BuildFreeks (Creative)
conspiracycraft.us;ConspiracyCraft
p-n.ca;Phoenix Network
mc.village-craft.net;Village Craft Network
play.sonez.net;OP Prison - OP Factions - Nazi Zombies
Play.ScyllaMc.Net;SyllaMc - Avatar Bending Network
play.voltnetwork.net;Volt Network
play.ml-mc.com;Medieval Lords of Minecraft
minebrawl.org;Minebrawl
Play.WalrusCraft.Net;WalrusCraft
munchymc.com;MunchyMC
play.orbmc.net;orbmc
play.mysticempire.net;MysticEmpire
play.dethemium.com;Dethemium
pvp.tmfactions.com;TMFactions
play.craftgasm.net;CraftGasm
mc.minedysv.com;Minedy
164.132.34.209;mc.b-zone.ro
play.breachpvp.com;BreachPVP
minecash.us;MineCash
mineout.unitedworldminers.com;Mineout 2 Salvation
play.divineluna.com;DivineLuna
playcs.in;Crafted Serenity Survival Server
enderchest.org;Enderchest
mc.sylvan-rp.net;Sylvan
play.puremc.net;PureMC
23.252.116.13;United Network
167.114.103.186:25623;Reconnect Revolution
vapormc.co;VaporMC
superheroesunlimitedserver.com;Superheroes Unlimited The Server
209.133.198.58:26442;Virtual Prison
play.gravityx.info;GravityX
play.keralis.net;World of Keralis
ultimate-mc.net;Ultimate Minecraft Network
play.pixelprison.org;PixelPrison
uncovery.me;uncovery minecraft
mc.sioncraft.net;SionCraft Network
play.skyhype.net;SkyHype
tekkit.horde.network;Tekkit Horde Networks
play.aus-craft.net;AusCraft
158.69.122.6;Ranch N Craft
c.theshadowkingdom.com;- Shadow Kingdom Creative -
play.dream-mc.org;DREAM-MC
158.69.218.212;MitologyCraft
mc.dragonuniverse.net;Dragon Universe
mc.awesomesauce.cc;Awesome Sauce
play.gotcraft.eu;GotCraft Network
craftealo.com;Craftealo
play.pokekingdom.com;Pokekingdom
mc.alpacraft.com;AlpaCraft
mc.beuteugeu.com;Beuteugeu Server
PokePixel.mc-hoster.com:27015;PokePixel
Play.zyrexmc.com;ZyrexMC
188.165.229.185;Play.Freakz.Ro
mc.teamenders.net:10400;TeamEnderS
planetsb.net;Planet Skyblock
ABNCraft.MCWorlds.pro:3306;ABNCraft
thugcraft.us;Thug Craft
play.falonmc.com;Falon Network
mc-guilds.com:59133;MC Guilds Factions
play.magicacraft.net;MagicaCraft
mc.crazyeconomycraft.com;Crazy Economy Craft
play.mc-mega.org;MegaCraft
beta.stuzzcraft.org:25564;StuzzCraft
tekkit.craftersland.net:25567;Tekkit by CraftersLand
mc.stolencraft.net;StolenCraft
play.otegamers.com;OTEGamers
mc.stoneland.es;StoneLand
Aviatorcraft.com;Aviatorcraft
mc.trekcraft.net;TrekCraft Network
Survival-World.net;Survival World
pixelmon.sorbmc.com:20789;SORB Pixelmon
the-wild.tk;The Wild
play.mysticchicken.com;The Mystic Chicken
play.officialtei.net;The Enchanted Isle
play.AlpineRealm.net;AlpineRealm
94.23.203.159:26554;KorleoneZ
hp.knockturnmc.com;KnockturnMC - Harry Potter Hogwarts
thebloxxmc.com;TheBloxxMC
nexo.deadplayers.es;DeadPlayers
mc.odincraft.eu;odincraft eu
ekocraft.se;Ekocraft
play.witherxcraft.net;WitherCraft
play.hybridwavemc.net;HybridWaveMC
Play.RebirthPvP.com;RebirthPvP
mc.aliacraft.net;AliA Craft
minehavoc.hosthorde.net:26101;MineHavoc
staticvortex.org;StaticVortex V2
pvp.bitepvp.com;Bitepvp
mc.hailstormgaming.net;Hailstorm Network
play.argolia.com;Argolia
mc.ToastMC.eu;ToastMC
blockbrawl.mcpro.co;BlockBrawl
mc.galactix.org;Galactix
play.nugnetwork.org;NugNetwork
xeofusion.mine.gg:10013;XeoFusion Network
play.oxyrise.com;Oxyrise
s.epi-craft.com;EPICRAFT
rexcraftia.com;RexCraftia
globcraft.com;Globcraft
skyblock.in;skyblock.in
play.decemcraft.nl;DecemCraft
play.dragonhollowmc.com;Dragonhollow
justpvp.com;JustPVP
mc.empire-craft.com;Empire Craft 
BossCraft.net;BossCraft Network
mc.acidmines.com;Acid Mines
Hub.Broncin.net;Broncin
mine.edge-gamers.com;EdgeGamers Minecraft
pixelmon.mystycfalls.com;MystycFalls Pixelmon Peaceful
nutzpvp.net;NutzPvP
play.sixtycraft.info;SixtyCraft FreeBuild Survival
chromahills.net;Chroma Hills
pvp.endersouls.com;Endersouls
mc.skyarmy.eu;SkyArmy
jabmc.com;Just Add Bacon
carbon-mc.net;Carbon-Mc
mc.woa.pw;World of Atlas
play.jumpcraft.org;JumpCraft Parkour
play.pickaxis.com;PickAxis Network
pokepact.beastmc.com;PokePact
play.aquarius-smp.com;Aquarius Survival
world-civ.com:25577;World-Civ
mc.endorcraft.net;EndorCraft
play.theapocalypsemc.com;TheApocalypse
nyncraft.net;Nyncraft
pwcrafters.pwgamers.com;Pw Crafters
play.eisenwald.eu;Eisenwald | Mittelalter RPG
ecomc.mcserver.ws;EcoMC
play.tacohime.net;TacoHime Towny
s.hexxit.de:25585;s.hexxit.de
aotb.helixmc.net;HelixMC Community
mc.skyraptor.com;SkyRaptor
play.frost-mc.net;Frost MC PvP Factions
mc.dingocraft.me;Dingocraft
pryariah.net;Pryariah Network
join.thesevensaints.net;The Seven Saints
play.dagelijkshaadee.nl;DagelijksHaaDee
penguincraft.net;PenguinCraft
193.84.64.154;PixelLand | Survival
79.124.56.51:25566;TeTeVVeNCraft
minestars.minejoin.net:26217;MineStars
play.auravale.net;AuraVale
mineland.crafted.pro;MineLand
play.fireprison.net;Fire Prison
mc.kaoshkraft.net;Kaoshkraft Network
mc.cjservers.net;cj89898s Servers  Project Ozone  SF2
mclockup.com;Mc-Lockup
Coderaria.com;Coderaria
elitesserver.mcraft.pro:25238;ElitesServer
aphinemc.mcjoin.eu:26889;AphineMc Kingdom(NL)
optimispvp.myserver.gs;OpTimisPvP
play.simple-sv.com;Simple Survival
mtiizi.craft.gg;MtiiZiCraft
srvltime.com;Survival Time
play.GallifreyCraft.com;GallifreyCraft
play.mxrcraft.net:25577;MXRCRAFT
xOnline.pl;xOnline
209.126.127.40;Datrelor
pvp.battlemade.com;BattleMade
149.56.17.23;Randoms
play.Insane-Raids.Net;Insane Raids
RapZee.com;RapZee
play.swatscraft.es;SwatsCraft
149.56.131.104;StraightUpSurvival
pvp.dragonwarsfactions.net;Dragon Wars
play.aviccimc.com;AvicciMc
mc.togglecraft.org;Togglecraft
narcos.fluctis.com;Narcos Drug Server
mc.duffislands.com;DuffIslands Skyblock
play.thehallo.ws;The Hallows
167.114.119.78:25574;NuroMC
mc.boxcraftpvp.online;BoxCraft
play.auraminecraft.com;AuraCraft
alliance-craft.net;Alliancecraft 
hub.punkcraft.org;Punkcraft
play.renmx.com;RenMX Servers
ftb.craftersland.net;FTB Direwolf20 by CraftersLand
mc.dragonsdoom.net;Dragons Doom
avic.us;The Avicus Network
sssminecraft.com;Silver Springs Survival
gibb.se;Gibb.SE
play.towncraft.us;Towncraft
play.ozonecraft.com;OzoneCraft Network
mc.antcraft.net;Antcraft
z.mcfallout.com;MCFallout Network
mc.cathalcraft.com;CathalCraft
mc.iciclecraft.net;IcicleCraft
minecraft.go-craft.com;Go-Craft Server network
hub.minept.net;MinePT Network
play.nlgamevideosnl.net;NLGVNL
mc.tragicsurvival.com;Tragic Survival
play.runic-paradise.com;Runic Paradise
hub.beastsmc.com;BeastsMC
play.mineclash.com;MineClash
sv1.mithrandircraft.es;MithrandirCraft
craftbros.no-ip.org;CraftBros 3.4.0 Pixelmon Server
mc.cbcraft.net;CoolBearCraft
HouseOfBending.com;House Of Bending - Avatar - Elements
skyfactory.craftersland.net;SkyFactory2 by CraftersLand 
FadedSB.com;Faded Skyblock
vcpvp.net;VikingCraft
battlecraft.us;BattleCraft
fcpvp.net;FeralCraft
mc.townyrealms.com;TownyRealms
play.obios.net;Obios Survival
McMonarch.co.uk;McMonarch Network
mc.bluedoves.net;BlueDoves
twdcs.minecraftsociety.com;The Walking Dead Craft Survival
198.178.120.66:25835;Saiyan Craft
saturn-survival.mcpro.co;Saturn Survival
play.blaze-network.net;BlazeNetwork
mc-timecraft.net;timecraft
play.ganfycraft.com;GanfyCraft
legendarysb.net;Legendary Skyblock
gta.frost-mc.net;Frost MC GTA
play.bn-mc.net;Bear Nation
play.capitalcraft.net;Capitalcraft
play.totalnetwork.co;TotalNetwork
mc.konsole.no;mc.Konsole.no
play.titaniumnetwork.net;Titanium Network
mcx.xmania.ro;MCX.xMania.RO
OP.PrisonMine.com;OP PrisonMine
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
mc.blooddrinker.cf;Blood Drinker
heavenkraft.com;Heavenkraft 2.0
mc.unitedgamesla.com;UnitedGamesLA
UniversalSB.Net;UniversalSB
therealmsnetwork.com:52669;The Realms Network
Creative.A2MC.net;Addicted 2 Minecraft - Creative
mc.SeverePvP.org:25980;SeverePvP Unique Rankup Factions
178.21.95.214;AetherRealms
s8.hosthorde.com:26092;rainbowNation | Friendly | Survival
orangeslice.nitrous.it;OrangeSlice
soulpvp.serveminecraft.net;SoulPvP
play.crypteria.net;Crypteria
lagrasamc.minehost.com.ar;La Grasa MC
wa.craftersland.net;WorldAutomation by CraftersLand
tntwars.net;TNT Wars
smp.clutchcraftmc.net;ClutchCraftMC
play.funzcraft.nl;funzcraft
play.honormc.com;HonorMC Infinity Evolved
play.itssimplysurvival.com;Its Simply Survival
play.mineciv.net;MineCiv
mc.skycrafthome.com;SkyCraft
play.mytheria.net;Mytheria Network
play.dreamscapeserver.net:33905;Dreamscape
mc.arkancraft.tk;ArkanCraft
HazardCraft.minecraftbr.net;HazardCraft
Eu.ModernPvP.Com;ModernPvP
107.6.156.54;ChillMC
Drift.ddns.net;Drift
mc.novenagames.com;Luna Minecraft
167.114.117.227:25601;MountainCraft
mc.revivecraft.com;ReviveCraft
XeoxPVP.com;XeoxPVP
s1.hosthorde.com:26430;Tokyo Ghoul Rebellion
premepvp.com;PremePVP Factions
zerohero.sytes.net;ZeroHero
119.81.65.250:43243;Roxanes Terraarum
play.farrealms.net;FarRealms
play.nearpvp.com;NearPvP
play.lunarfactions.com;LunarFactions
meowcaft.mcph.co;meowcaft
cg.mc-server.net;Celestial Gaming
mc.capvp.net:25825;CaPVP
valortowny.mcph.co:64543;ValorCraft
51.255.238.27;FairyCraft
play.southcraftsv.es;SouthCraftMC
factions.resistenciagamer.es;Resistencia Gamer - Factions PvP
Primecef.tk:23940;PrimePVP
pixeldurp.srvip.net;PixelDurp
mc.spartanmc.net;Spartan MC
ravand.org;Ravand.org All in one Server
play.skull-craft.com;SkullCraft v2
mc.craftersland.net;CraftersLand Network Servers EU
pvp.lihp.us;DvZ Server - The LihP Network
play.an-mc.net;Andromeda Network
MC.BRAJO.CO.UK;BRAJO
mc.piratemc.com;PirateCraft
matecraft.org;Matecraft
play.pandacraft.org;PandaCraft Network
Octa.in;Octain (Survival PvE) 
play-icmc.com;ICMC Pure Survival
op-hub.com;OP-Hub
play.wynncraft.com;Wynncraft
mc.brutal-network.com;Brutal Network
jailhouseblox.com;JailHouseBlox
Craftland.org;Craftland.org
Factions.sc;ShadyNetwork
play.uniquecraft.eu;The Uniquecraft Network
mc.onlineklubben.dk;OnlineKlubben
Cracked.Lunar.Network;CarreCraft
69.175.6.149;MegaCityCraft
farm.pf-mc.com;Peaceful Farms
simplecraft.co.uk;SimpleCraft
play.letshangmc.com;Lets Hang Mc
pvp.vnlla.net;PVP Vnlla
supersoul.no-ip.biz;Supersoul
198.50.131.48;AMCA Pixelmon #Reborn
mc.angeliccraftpvp.net;AngelicCraft
play.xenoflux.com;XenoFlux Survival
mc.thesheepandcreeper.com;The Sheep and Creeper
play.sapphiredimensions.net;Sapphire Dimensions
Survivalrpg.tk:25850;SurvivalRPG
Play.GorillaCraft.com;GorillaCraft
play.kaoscraft.co.uk;KaosCraft | Towny | McMMO |
us.minepact.net;MinePact
mc.theprocraft.com;TheProCraft
Play.Cylestialcraft.com;Cylestialcraft
mc.zendomcraft.com;ZendomCraft
mc.rivendor.net;Rivendor
play.mc-ecoworld.com;EcoWorld - Dungeons Towns Games More
mc.vanillaville.nl;Vanillaville
play.TheSurvivalNetwork.nl;Dailysurvival
fugaming.net:25665;FrozenUnionGaming Prison Server
hub.minecraftcloud.org;MinecraftCloud
play.mcnext.net;McNext
mc.tinysmp.net;Tiny SMP
play.gravityprison.com;Gravity Prison
HyperCraft.Serverbuilds.com;HyperCraft
Play.GunsmithFactions.com;Gunsmith Network
HyperSpeed.ddns.net;HyperSpeed
mc.bapcraft.com;BapCraft
167.114.102.222:25598;Mc-Caverns Server
avatarcentral.mcph.co;Avatar Central
play.hubblecraftnetwork.com;Hubble Craft Network
LCGNetwork.com;LCG Network
play.exceptionalmc.com;ExceptionalMC
play.kokicraft.com;KokiCraft
InsaneFactions.org;InsaneFactions
192.99.20.99:25576;VDServer
ozservermc.com.au;OzServer
ArsonPvP.me;ArsonPvP
play.competitivepvp.com;Competitive PvP
rolyd.com;Rolys Minecraft
mc.VAOonline.net;Sahalio Magical Faction
mc.elementnetwork.co;Element Gaming
play.z-infinity.com;Z-Infinity Factions
134.255.216.217;metoriacraft.de
Play.BeastCore.NET;BeastCore
play.imperialhaven.com;ImperialHaven
play.instacraft.us;Instacraft Prison
mc.destined.pw;Destined
159.8.75.41:33649;FuriousPvP
skylight.hostmc.pl:14421;SkyLight
incraftion.com;inCRAFTion
pixelmon.minegamesbrasil.com.br:25570;Pixelmon Brasil
trollz.tv;TROLLZ.tv
play.lostislands.net;Lost Islands
drawcraft.mcph.co;CrunchedPVP
sp.skyquests.org;SkyQuests Cracked
play.minesaur.com;Minesaur
158.69.54.213:41954;Double Craft
79.124.56.52:25567;InfinityCraft
185.38.148.43:25586;PixelmonApple
play.goldencraft.eu:25500;GoldenCraft
play.MCSkyblock.net;MCSkyblock
198.27.80.83:43374;Survival Origin X
192.99.201.220:26420;Corrupted Craft
EmojiMC.com;EmojiMC
play.nebularealm.com;NebulaPvP
mc.simplepvp.net;SimplePvP - Faction
gcpvp.com;GCPVP
mc.fluffcraft.com;FluffCraft
SquashNetwork.us;SquashNetwork
mineheroes.net;ImperiumOP
play.vaelox.com;Vaelox
mc.kdcraft.info;KDCraft
158.69.26.209:25591;Dessert Hills
kingdomhaven.com;KingdomHaven
play.gummypvp.com;GummyMC
prestigeprison.com;Prestige Prison
sb.cubixmc.com;SkyCubix Skyblock
192.95.46.9;MyCompanyCraft
play.Pyromc.org;PyroMC Skyblock
play.RevengeanceMC.com;RevengeanceMC
pvp.thecustomcraft.net;TheCustomCraft
pixelvolt.beastmc.com;PixelVolt
sky.empy.in;Empyrean Project Ozone Skyblock
SkyAvalon.com;SkyAvalon
192.99.62.43:26600;SpicyBoneWood
92.222.215.181;Piggycraft
BladeCraft.org;BladeCraft
mc.cubiksurvival.com;CubikSurvival
MC.MinersNetwork.net;MinersNetwork
play.pointtowns.com;PointTowns
45.35.95.217:25750;Metroid Cubed 3 Official Server
CoreMc.Myserver.gs;CoreMc
play.factionrealms.xyz;FactionRealms
Volcaniteinfinity.mcph.co;Volcanite
158.69.242.228:25570;ViciousMc SkyBlock
pvp.sandosity.com;Sandosity
redskycraft.mchost.pro:27029;RedSkyCraft
minecube.tk;MineCube Prison
mc.epic-factions.com;EpicFactions
mc.magoocraft.net:25566;Magoo Craft Survival
royal.factions.ws;RoyalFactions
mc.skyblockprison.com;Skyblock Prison
192.228.106.9;LocMines Network
kovoramc.com;KovoraMC
EC-MC.NET;Elitecraft No PvP/Grief
play.furiouscraft.com;FuRiouSCraft Survival
empirelegacy.co.uk;Empire Legacy
cube-nation.de;Cube-Nation.de
minecraft.blocksandgold.com:25000;Blocks and Gold
85.13.222.222;222craft.net
playsurvivalgames.com;Craft Survival Games
mc.finmine.com;Finmine
mc.uthrandir.com;Uthrandir Universe
play.pixellegendsmc.com;pixeLLegends
blockkingdom.org;BlockKingdom Network
play.punfumblercraft.com;PunFumblerCraft
mc.rcmcs.info;RenegadeCraft
server.mcshadowblade.com;ShadowBlade
play.apollocraft.eu:25623;ApolloCraft
play.craftpinas.net;CraftPinas
minevival.net;Minevival Network
play.planetbeacon.com;Planet Beacon
mc.luxcraft.se;Luxcraft
regularchaos.de:25560;RegularChaos
play.itsjerryandharry.com;Its jerry And Harry
dfmc.co;DigitalForge
halcyon-realm.com;Halcyon Realm
mc.townywarcraft.com;TownyWarCraft
baaacraft.mcpickle.com;BAAACraft
darkcrest.us.to;DarkCrest Bending Server
endercraftmc.beastnode.net;EnderCraft Survival/Raiding 24/7
pcbmc.co;Project City Build
play.vanillaworld.org;Vanilla World
mc.gamez.se;GamezCraft
tfc.happydiggers.net:4000;HappyDiggers TFC TerraFirmaCraft
play.cobbleforest.com;CobbleForest
c.beastsmc.com;BeastsMC Creative
PLAY.BIO;Biocraft
192.99.20.8;StarQuestMinecraft
play.hypergonix.net;Hypergonix Network
play.mcpvp.com;MCPVP
mulescraft.com;Mules Craft
gtahub.com;GTAHub
play.themcbro.org;Faction Pvp The MC Bro Server
minecavemc.com;MineCaveMC
play.mysticnetwork.uk:25569;MysticNetwork Factions
farm.mc-mu.net;FarmCraft - Co-Op Farming
Mc.SweProx.com;SweProx Netowrk
alluminus.net;Alluminus
thomi100.net;thomi100.net
play.bouncemc.com;BounceMC
everpvp.dk;EverPvP
dragonzrealm.net;Dragonz Realm
epicraft.serverminer.com:25926;Epicraft
play.heroicmc.com;HeroicMC
mc.craftersrefuge.com;Crafters Refuge
play.elasticnetwork.org;Elastic Network
play.venomouscraft.com;VenomousCraft
mc.relic-mc.com;Relic-MC
play.buildersunite.net;BuildersUnite
chivalrycraft.mc-srv.co:25569;Chivalry Craft
play.vitrolicfactions.com;VitrolicFactions
mc.owl.academy;Owl Academy
mc.feathernet.ca;FeatherNet
heartillycraft.mcph.co;HeartillyCraft
play.synchrocraft.us;SynchroCraft
play.mineturn.net;MineTurn Factions
mc.fabthezen.com;Fab Server
nukepvp.com;NukePvP
eviancraft.co;EvianCraft
sniffcraft.playmine.nl:26066;Sniffcraft
guncolony.com;GunColony
play.scottlandstudios.com;ScottlandStudios
mc.honorkits.com;Honor Kits
VastPrison.com;VastPrison
95.156.227.123:25588;McReallife.net
play.xenecraft.com;XeneCraft
45.35.55.9;DefiantCraft
play.z-mc.net:25576;ZMC
174.138.171.122:49959;MegaVerse-Survival
gladcraft.net;Gladcraft
Play.Astracraft.Com;Astracraft Factions
MineBlast.net;MineBlast - Factions
HyperCloudMC.com;HyperCloudMC
mc.soulmc.lt;SoulMC
mc.realisticcombatgaming.net;RCG CityLIfe
185.28.188.151:53366;NorwegianPVP
mc.palm-plaza.nl;Palm-Plaza
mc.firevill.com;FireVill
play.minepow.com;Minepow
projectmango.net;Project Mango
us.playmindcrack.com;PlayMindcrack
play.bananacraft.es;BananaCraft Network
88.150.171.161;Omnia An LGBT Inclusive Server
debosmarmot.playsrv.nl;DeBosMarmot Server
158.69.118.225:25611;Time Prison V2
1Dot8.Miccraft.com;24/7 Miccraft sVanilla Survival Server
play.the-ingot.com;The Ingot
Avalon-kingdoms.net;Avalon Kingdoms
factions.pyrostasis.com;TDK Network
192.99.161.56:26621;Bending Reborn
193.111.140.140:26358;Brabants hidey hole
emeraldprisonmc.com;Emerald Prison
play.theroundtablemc.com;The Round Table MC
mc.citrion.net;CitrioN Network
balsca.co.uk;New Eden
canadianpvp.net:26180;CanadianPrison
nosignal.thekingdoms.org;No Signal
rpnetwork.co;SchoolRP
Mineoria.net;Mineoria
MythicPvP.mchosting.pro;MythicPvP
mc.craftuniverse.org;Craft Universe
MagmaPVP.net;MagmaPVP
Mc.GamersLegion.Us;Gamers Legion
play.minecraft-bg.com:31239;Minecraft Bulgaria
play.avilonmc.com;Avilon
play.luminousmc.com;Luminousmc
play.strongcraft.org;StrongCraftOrg
23.235.232.99:43740;DynamicFACTION
play.retg.net;Wild West Frontier
arcadiarealm.com;ArcadiaRealm
SkyCraft.g-s.nu;SkyCraft
mmc.servegame.com;MasteryMC Network
play.supremepixel.net;SupremePixel
mc.glitch.network;Glitch.Network
GrassSurvival.com;Grass Survival
DrexelCraft.com;DrexelCraft
game.mcplotmadness.com;McPlotMadness
EmpireSkyBlock.net:25642;Empire SkyBlock
play.mariohessel.com;Mariohessel
mc.endlesssurvival.co.uk;Endless Survival
play.footballcraft.net;Football-Craft
198.143.139.19:25586;Barbaricmc
mc.pixelcore.net;PixelCore Network
play.sky-blox.com;SkyBlox
cjcraftnetwork.mcph.co:30984;CJCraftnetwork
play.combomc.com;ComboMC
advantia.me;Advantia
stonevalley.mcph.co:5097;Stone Valley
play.apexprison.net;Apex Prison
play.kineticmc.net;KineticMC
ARMC.us.to;Apocalypse Rising MC
hsmc.mchost.pro;HSMC
boa.fadehost.com:12086;Defenders of Arda
play.elysiummc.net;Elysium Network
s12.minespan.com:26849;Unreal Prison
play.foodpvp.com;FoodPVP Factions
play.mysticmc.us;MysticMC
play.bastionmc.com;BastionMC
ethea.us;Ethea
play.proximitymc.com;Proximity Minecraft
play.fatalminers.com:26319;Fatal Miners
play.skalarmc.com;SkalarMC
play.acromc.com;AcroNetwork
olympianskies.com;Olympian Skies
event.omnikraft.net;OmniKraft Events
mc.edstowny.com;Eds Towny
mc.toadnetworkmc.com;ToadNetworkMC
play.blitz-craft.info;play.blitz-craft.info
119.252.191.244:25575;GenesisCraft
Pendulum.mcserver.ws;- Pendulum -
158.85.69.137:53687;Frozen Prison 3.0
dynamicsb.com;Dynamic Skyblock
mc.azocraft.com;AzoCraft
Play.romenetwork.org;RomePrison
mc.noblepvp.net;NoblePvP
arcanum.factions.ws;Arcanum Factions
ozone.allthecraft.com;All The Craft - Project Ozone
barbaric.factions.ws;Barbaric Factions
enchantednetwork.mcserver.ws:26065;EnchantedNetwork
dpn.craft.vg;Dutch Power Network
167.114.174.89:25798;Immortal Survival Anarchy
167.114.135.64:25569;AtomicNation
phrealm.us.to:39914;PHRealm
play.zetacraft.net;ZetaCraft
TheHypeMC.mcpro.co;TheHypeMC Factions
SkyVerse.mcraft.pro;SkyVerse
5.200.23.166:26104;Kwalitijd Kingdom
VentureRush.g-s.nu;VentureRush
158.85.69.135:57975;Nitro MC
IncidiousFactions.Com;IncidiousNetwork
OpMc.myserver.gs;OpMc
203.33.121.21:25640;Zilton Factions
SycoCraft.tk:25804;SycoCraft
hordecraft.fluctis.com:26449;HordeCraft
Node35.Minecrafted.net:25808;Arcane Prison
SlayTopia.gamemc.nl;SlayTopia
play.impressioncraft.net;ImpressionCraft
173.175.237.131;1738 Spuad Adventure
Jrmc.crafted.pro;Jrmc-Network
play.darcecraft.com;DarceCraft
play.mutinycraft.com;MutinyCraft
OniCraft.OniClanGaming.com;OniCraft
survive.cubecraft.co.uk;CubeCraft
m.minecraftevolution.com;Minecraft Evolution
play.paradise-mc.net;Paradise Minecraft
mc.noblox.net;Noblox
WaffleMinecraft.com;Waffle Minecraft
mc.bzgaming.com;Battlezone Towny PVP
mc.kingdomcraft.co;KingdomCraft
crafteemc.com;Crafteemc
server.blockbox.us;BlockBox
mc.craftblock.me;CraftBlock
mc.mobarenas.com;Mob Arenas
pvp.archonmc.com;Archon Factions
play.crimsoningot.net;Crimson Ingot
mc.mineagepvp.com;Mineage Factions
mc.shadecrest.com;ShadeCrest
85.131.163.195;GER TheGarGoyles Tafelrunde
smp.dreadcraft.net;Dreadcraft -- Survival PVP
mc.deadx.net;kyle
war.pvpzone.org:25600;PVPZone
66.85.187.2;PixelCraft
play.rsmv.net;RSMV.net
85.131.156.24;Iron PVP
pvp.furiouscraft.com;FuRiouSCraft Prison
play.theminebox.com;The Minebox
mc.euro-craft.org;EuroCraft
mc.parkourcraft.com;ParkourCraft
mc.mineplex.net;Mineplex
mc.hoecraft.com;Hoe Craft
mc.moocraft.org;MooCraft
touhoucraft.servegame.com;Touhou Craft
mc.sexycraft.net;SexyCraft
clownercraft.net;ClownerCraft Survival
192.99.167.239;Omegacraft
mc.slabcraft.net;Slabcraft
mc.phantompvp.net;PhantomPvP
play.crucraft.com;CruCraft
play.wrathpvp.com;WrathPvP Network
play.cooltycraft.com;CooltyCraft
ChristianCity.co:25705;ChristianCity
198.15.65.147;Frost Realms
mc.masterminerz.com;MasterMinerZ
mc.mcorigins.com;mcorigins
KronicZombieSurvival.Me;Kronic Zombie Survival
pawncraft.co.uk;Pawncraft
zombiehorde.net;zombiehorde.net
mc.crimsonskylands.com:26370;CrimsonSkylands
play.choicecraft.net;ChoiceCraft Network
zealanderville.ca;Zealanderville
play.ob-mc.com;Operation Blacklist
play.dusdavidgames.nl;DusDavidGames
mcpvpmasters.mcpro.co:25800;PvPMasters
MC-Central.net;MC-Central
mc.betteringame.com;BetterInGame.com Adult Servers
Crazycraft.verygames.net;CRAZY CRAFT
BCSN.US;BuildCraftia
play.hivemc.com;TheHive
play.hexicraft.com;Hexicraft
play-lb.com;LegendaryBane Hub Towny/Freebuild
SBrealms.com;Skyblock Realms
mc.deadx.net;DeadX
Olimpo.me;OlimpoCraft
hub.thechunk.net;The Chunk Network
SieniMaailma.net;SieniMaailma.net
72.20.7.238:29912;mcwarside
hub.simplycrafted.net;SimplyCrafted
Build.MonkeyGamesMC.com;MonkeyCraft Creative
mcserver.craftcostaserver.com;CraftCosta Minecraft Server
hub.castlecrafters.net;Castle Crafters
Hub.OrbitMinesMC.com;OrbitMines Network
play.dodedge.com;DoD Edge Network
gtamc.net;GTAMC
lordsnetwork.com;LordsNetwork
hub.obsidiancraft.com;ObsidianCraft
matrixnetwork.org;Bending PvP
mc.HadesRealms.com;HadesRealms OP Prison
mc.orangecraft.net;OrangeCraft
mc.Sordrin.com;Sordrin Network
central.hypercraft.pt;hyper.craft 
tfoc.wifld.com;The Fun of Crafting
mc.blockshed.com;The BlockShed Minecraft
ophion.cc;Ophion
play.cubecraftgames.net;hideandseek
play.hazecraft.net;Hazecraft
hub.keinett.us;Keinett
I-Prison.com;I-Prison
play.kastia.net;Kastia
mc.apexnetwork.org;Apex Network
Opened.World;Opened World
play.huskycraftmc.com;HuskyCraft
Pannation.net;PanNation
play.totalfreedom.me;Total Freedom
mc.exodusnetwork.org;Exodus Network
HavocOPPvP.com;Havoc OP PvP Factions
nerd.nu;NerdNu
185.28.188.139:49681;J.C.H Crowncraft 2015
mc.strikemc.com;EmeraldMC GTA
{username}.m.ly;Minecraftly
mc.igniscraft.net;Igniscraft
play.LemonPvP.com:27019;LemonPvP | Network | agariomc
93.114.82.199;Mcx.Minecraft-Romania.ro
192.99.136.141;PhoenixCraft
onecraft.co.uk;OneCraft
play.vp-gaming.org;VirtualPower Gaming
mc.mineplay.com;Mineplay
hub.mineswine.com;JediCraft
minepolis.eu;MinePolis
venecraft.com;VeneCraft
mc.autcraft.com;Autcraft
mc.reinominero.net;Reino Minero
play.starwarsmc.org;starwarscraft
Hubmc.dk;Hubmc.dk
play.spaceprison.org;Space Prison
play.newtessamc.com;NewTessa MC
crazy.voidswrath.com;CrazyCraft
varoxcraft.de;VaroXCrafT
mc.yoshee08.com;Yoshee08 Network
play.ds9clan.com;DSMine
Fivenightsatminigames.mcph.co;Five nights at freddys
get.rektprison.com;REKTPrison
hub.playmc.com;PlayMC
play.hyperfrost.net;HyperFrost
main.mcparks.us;MCParks
mc.pudgecraft.com;PudgeCraft
CribexMC.com;CribexMC
play.HarmoniCraft.com;HarmoniCraft Network
play.neweden.co;New Eden
mc.paradise-network.com;ParadiseNetwork
Pixelmon.g.akliz.net:25569;PixelTech
claim.justsurvival.net;JustSurvival.net - Land Claim Survival
MC.HubParadise.Com;HubParadise
play.lextopiagaming.com;Lextopia Gaming Network
elementum.me;Elementum
Play.organicpvp.net;OrganicNetwork
mc.wubcraft.com;Alaricus
moocraftpvp.beastmc.com;MOO-Craft
smp.boamor.co.uk;Bo Amor
167.114.13.232;Lumiacraft
rad-mc.us:26406;RadianceCraft
play.zilvermine.com;Zilvermine
MineArtOnline.tk:25580;SwordArtOnline
play.mianite.net;Mianite Realm RPG
mc.freebuilders.org;Freebuilders
mc.valenmines.com;Valenmines
play.zapxcraft.com;ZapXCraft
Mc.Xylonia.Com;XyloniaPvE
mc.skyarmy.info;SkyArmyBulgaria
play.superiorskyblock.com;Superior Skyblock
104.153.105.141;Imperial Civilizations RP Server
play.ck-mc.us;Craft Kingdom
perilousprison.com;Perilous Prison
Play.RoyalLegacy.US;Royal Legacy Network
play.ReachMC.net;ReachMC Pixelmon
5.196.90.55:25851;StarCraft
5.196.90.55:25663;War Bros CS GO in Minecraft
modan.mcph.co:56123;ModanCraft
mc.uhc.zone;UHC Zone
mc.dkcraft.net;DKCraft
mc.dissidentpowers.com;Dissident Powers
mc.novarealms.com;NovaBending
jogar.alphamc.com.br;AlphaMC
TitanMC.net;TitanMC
dkprison.serverminer.com:26377;DkPrison
mc.craftednightmares.com;Crafted Nightmares
indexcraft.mcph.co;Index Ville
play.coc-mc.net;Craft of Clans
23.239.132.35;Zero Dimensions
mc.hyperionparks.com;Hyperion Parks
nitearrivepvp.net;NiteArrivePvP
mc.ehaqui.com;Eh Aqui
boa.fadehost.com:19292;Battle of Arda LOTR
games.german-heads.eu;German-Heads
mc.batcraft.net;BatCraft Network
mc.duffcraft.net;DuffCraft
mc.blockheart.org;Blockheart
pommecraft.crystal-serv.com:25615;Pommecraft 
I-Factions.com;I-Factions
play.icecraft-mc.eu;IceCraft
panemmc.beastmc.com;PanemMC
secretcraft.primedtnt.com;Secretcraft
nox.gs;Noxcrew Factory
factionhustlers.us;Faction Hustlers
empiregames.mcpro.co:27902;EmpiregamesNetwork
play.brunosrealm.com;Brunos Realm Adventure Network
play.mc-haze.com;HazeServers
play.funkycraftmc.com;FunkyCraft
frostednetwork.mcpro.co;FrostedNetwork
play.candyprison.net:49063;CandyPrison
play.pixel-pushers.net;Pixel-Pushers
Reunify.Hosthorde.Net;Reunification FIGHT
mc.clashmc.org;Clashmc
167.114.208.127:35939;The Agora
play.thearcade.me;TheArcade
142.4.218.206:25982;Family Fun
us.playopgods.net;OPGods OP-Prison
mc.craftey.net;Craftey
play.potcomc.us;Pirates of the Caribbean
192.99.47.48:27994;MythicMiner RPG
mc.spomgcraft.net;SpomgCraft
play.ausrealms.net;AusRealms
151.80.78.211:26506;McSurvivalFin
play.cubilization.com;Cubilization
play.SliceMC.com;SliceMC 
mc.candycraft.net;Candy Craft
synesismc.com;Synesis
XternityPixelmon.com;XternityPixelmon
mc.hypereclipse.com;HyperEclipseMC
Spil.SneakyPrison.dk;SneakyPrison
76.72.160.69:25754;SpireFreebuild
fastraid.net;Fast Raid
direnight.ml;DireNight
mc.terracraftmc.co;TerraCraft
192.99.125.81;Odyne Survival
game.feralfalls.com;Feral Falls
superbcraft.mcph.co;Superb Craft
play.fadedheroes.net;The FadedHeroes Network
mc.superiorpvp.us;Superior PvP
milkycraft.beastmc.com:25585;MilkyCraft
opalepvp.vgmc.us;OpalePVP
sournetwork.com:60182;SourNetwork
play.islandcraftgames.net;IslandCraftGames
mc.zvjercraft.com;ZvjerCraft
galactic.serv.nu:41715;The Galactic Factions
mc.hegemony.xyz;Hegemony
sky.milspecsg.com:25573;MilSpec SkyFactory2
play.fluxusmc.com;FluxusMC
play.merchreborn.net;Merch Reborn
steinercraft.dlinkddns.com;Steinercraft Vanilla
play.legacyminecraft.com:36382;Legacy Minecraft
mc.minesound.es;MineSound
boldmc.net:25645;BoldMC
skyblock.onzichtbaar.net;OnZichtBaar Network Skyblock
play.instacraft.us;InstaCraft
totalwar.mc-server.net;Total war
mc.fallenservermc.com;Fallen
levelupmc.com;Level Up Minecraft
167.114.60.46;Orion Network
creative.urbanmc.net;Urban Creative
EpicPrisonMC.com;EpicPrisonMC
mc.teamdrd.com;TeamDRD Creative Skyblock Factions
23.235.233.14;AlkataPrison
play.vestamc.net;VestaMC
properpvp.com;ProperPvP
51.255.216.109;GR-LAND
play.remixpvp.com;RemixPvP| Factions| Prisons| And More
75.71.107.85;Colorado Blocks Slimefun Survival
hub.legitland.com;LegitLand
ultracrafttowny.mcph.co:33512;UltraCraft
centralnetwork.mcph.co:37368;CentralMC
mc.project-craft.com;Project-Craft
188.165.205.172;Void Assault Horror Factions
Savagepvp.me;SavageFactions
mc.EnderCraft-pvp.com;EnderCraft
192.99.18.177:26361;The-Pixelmon-Files
mc.creeper.lv;mc.creeper.lv
towny.gaeliccraft.org;GaelicCraft
pvp.ozzycraft.net;OzzyCraft Factions
167.114.102.203:25807;UnblockedCraft
MysticServer.Us.To;MysticServer
mc.feelthepowerpvp.com;FeelThePowerPVP
167.114.102.205:25905;WitheringPvp
play.thefacemine.it;TheFaceMine
37.187.139.125:27396;RaidEmpire // Custom Enchants
FerisonMC.net;FerisonMC
play.MinersLeague.com;Miners League
192.95.30.93;Sombrero Craft Tekkit Main
mc.simplepolygon.com;Revenge of the C-Team
spela.mucraft.se;MuCraft - Swedish / Svensk
serv.api-d.com;McTrophy
play.jargonpvp.com;JargonPvP
167.114.174.73:25862;WeBuild
lazertazer.ddns.net;Lazertazer
fullmoonuntamed.b0ne.com;Full Moon Untamed
play.kerberosmc.us;KerberosMC|Pixelmon
tgc.portalnumber9.com;Portal Number 9 | The Golden Cobblestone
play.blueskyes.us.to;Blue Skyes
mc-eos.no-ip.org;MC-EOS
ultramc.crafted.pro:26108;ULTRAMC
icepvp.net;EPVP - Faction server of the year
zumka.craft.gg:12662;zumka
onslaughtnetwork.serv.nu;Onslaught Network 24/7
play.thormenpvp.net;Thormen PVP
TheUberWarCraft.mine.gg;TheUberWarCraft
76.72.175.54:25690;CraftTopia
192.95.29.35;ArCraft
185.38.148.154:25569;VortexMC Prison
167.114.209.94:25777;Elytra
204.44.116.131;TheRagingFruits
potatocraft.myserver.gs;PotatoCraft
pandoracraft.mcph.eu;Pandora Craft 
Play.SurvivalRealms.net;SurvivalRealms
VortexMC.Net;VortexMC
budgetuk.virtualgladiators.com:25730;Moon Lagoon
mc.viodium.com;Viodium
minecraft.claytonia.net;Claytonia Semi-Vanilla
5.255.70.70:25884;minetapia minetopia
play.landercraft.net;LanderCraft
ppvp.mcph.co;Python PvP
puffinpvp.net;PuffinPvP
play.immortalfactions.com;Immortal Factions
158.69.54.234:40657;HxpiCraft
bergheuvel.srvip.net;BergHeuvel
192.99.150.117:25965;Supergameplayers War Zone
play.icecraftnation.com;IceCraftNation
thecodexmc.com;The Codex
reflex.mcph.co;Reflex
theiceage.mcpro.eu;The Ice Age
93.123.18.28:26675;SecurityCraft
Doriplex.mine.bz;Doriplex
play.polarismc.net;PolarisMC
37.187.154.73:25567;Neonix
MisfitCraftNl.mcsrv.eu;MisfFtCraft
Play.mcFlashPvP.Com;FlashPvP
play.bulletphase.com;Bullet Phase Network
PxLegend.mcraft.pro;PxLegend
Play.Allied-Gamers.com;Allied-Gamers
play.titanmc.net;TitanMC Network
178.20.170.75:25853;DutchMCAdventure
RekmNetwork.mcpro.co;RekmNetwork
GLDLegacy.com;GLDesert Legacy
158.69.169.179;UsM Survival Server
188.212.100.101;OwlS PlayNION 
FwoggyFactions.serv.nu;FwoggyFactions
Mc.Klinck.Co;Klinck Co Classic Survival
play.pokenebula.com;PokeNebula
5.10.110.103:62153;Embedded Factions
Uplay.mcph.co;Uplay Network
75.86.160.56;OblivionMc
hypercraft.mchost.pro;HyperCraft Join now
play.humblepie-mc.com;Humble Pie
mc.iridiumgaming.net;Iridium Gaming
mc.klgcraft.com;KLG CRAFT
play.perfparadise.com;PerfParadise
play.cascademc.org;CascadeMC OPPrison
LegionPvP.mchost.pro:27306;LegionPvP
creative.hypixel.net;Hypixel Creative Server
play.toolscraftmc.net;ToolsCraftMC || Custom Enchants
217.79.189.212:26847;A small minigame server
divinityhub.com;Divinity
mcfun.myserver.gs;MC Fun
play.serenityrealm.us;SerenityRealm
cruxcraft.net;CruxCraft
SuperiorMC.Factions.WS;SuperiorMC
93.119.25.31;Play.DarkMind.Ro
play.coalitionfactions.com;Coalition Network- OPFactions
SkyKitsPvP.serv.nu;SkyKitsPvP
pvp.omegamc.net;Omega MC
xundertale.mcraft.pro;xundertale2
play.overdosedmc.com;Overdosed MC
play.koalaprison.net;KoalaPrison
mc.gernlernen.de;Gernlernen Network
5.255.85.215:25992;Campainia (Minetopia)
expectpvp.net;ExpectPvp
162.244.165.51:61579;AuraVerse
halioncraft.minesv.net;HalionCraft
162.244.165.151:54594;ForbesCraft
legionmc.factions.ws;LegionMC
eclipse-factions.com;Eclipse Factions
bigserver.playsrv.nl;BigServer
aysucraft.mc-server.net;AysuCraft
pinoycraft.mygs.co;PinoyCraft
play.mineclans.com;Mineclans
play.cynicalmc.net;Cynical MC
play.RichPrison.net;RichPrison
lividacraftnetwork.mcpro.co;lividacraftnetwork
GankCraft.mcpro.eu;GankCraft
mecraft.crazycat.ro;MeCraft - Be you.
158.69.142.84:25821;CuboNetWork
revivedpvp.nitrous.it;RevivedPvP
159.8.141.199:53861;RubixCraft
142.254.42.225;Guildcraft
wolfgaminghub.no-ip.org;Wolf Gaming Factions
MinieMCraft.myserver.gs:20893;MinieMCraft
play.openchants.xyz;OpEnchants
s14.minespan.com:26935;HeatKraft
coolhandpvp.com;coolhandpvp
mianiteworlds.com;Mianite Worlds
149.56.34.36;Dragon Factions
sauronserver.myserver.gs;SauronGamer
JewelsPvp.crafted.pro;JewelsPvP
ComedyPvP.tk;ComedyPvP
s6.hosthorde.com:26246;Star craft
37.187.144.57:25606;DrugMania
us.minepact.net;MinePact
InfernoFactions.us.to:25824;InfernoFactions
185.62.37.122;atvcraft
play.okimc.me;OkiMC
mc.davisodom.com;Old School Minecraft
vikingspvp.cubed.pro;VikingsPvP
73.153.246.153;ITIPMC
198.24.141.66:50859;arith
fatalprison.fluctis.com:25913;Fatal Prison
104.243.46.162:25571;Green Lantern
factionsuniverse.us;FactionsUniverse
mc.brutalmc.tk;BrutalMC
mc.yihaifenglan.com;yihaifenglan
McRoyal.fr;McRoyal
VanishedPvP.com;VanishedPvP
5.10.110.100:32372;MilkyHub
MilitiaMCFactions.com:25581;MiltiaMC Factions
37.187.143.226:40892;AJ Survival
play.ournetwork.eu;OurNetwork
45.35.95.198:25707;Mysticraft 2.0
play.bullcraft.net;BullCraft Factions
play.xyledmc.com;XyledMC
EssenPvP.eu;EssenPvP
158.69.225.12:25831;SurvivalLikeABoss
s17.minespan.com:26296;Magicraft
69.175.27.164:25585;Miner Nations
play.RubySMP.com;RubySMP
mgd.thekgn.net;KGN LifeCraft Modpack
24.90.81.254;Galaxy Factions
epixel.sytes.net;Epixel Needs staff
play.orbitmc.eu;OrbitMC
104.219.1.252:36891;Free Grief
PokeLandia.serv.nu;PokeLandia
node10.ranni.ca:26816;Ranni Hosting
kingkongservers.no-ip.org;Minecraft Super Server
exibel.serveminecraft.net;A/Factions
smp6.EmpireMinecraft.com;Empire Minecraft
play.mcgodworld.com;GodWorld
mc.imdeity.com;ImDeity Kingdoms
mc.shattered-serenity.com;Shattered-serenity.com
MCBC.EU;The Brothercraft Network
play.xcraftserver.us;Xcraft - [Factions]
mc.goldcraftmc.org;GoldCraft
mc.maxloader.nl;Maxloaders SMP
46.20.119.43:26365;Land Of Goats
mc.modern-gaming.net;Modern MineCraft
mc.epicnation.co.uk;eP|c Nation
mc.feudalempire.com;Feudal Empire
punch.monstercraft.org;MonsterCraft
176.31.239.18:25588;Retronix
176.31.16.84;Craft Portugal 1.2.4
176.31.192.55;SkyWinders
184.95.47.170:25599;ExtremeCraft
176.31.214.197;Funnyman1120
64.34.163.12:25965;[PvP]-Soulest[Factions]
mc.silocraft.com:2005;Silocraft
play.blackdamp.net;BlackDamp
thundershock.crabdance.com;ThUnDeRsHoCk
mc.gamingaus.net;Gamingaus.net
pvp.theminecrafters.net;Grass-Craft
mc.larkspurgaming.com:25569;Larkspur Gaming
66.85.128.98:25595;Roid's Server
elitecraft.zapto.org;EliteCraft
Play.MCToday.Net;MCToday
Gizmocrafter.com;Gizmocrafter.com
mc-outbreak.com;OutBreak
bunter-mc.de;Bunter MC Server
pvp.dran-mc.com;Drancraft
66.225.195.248;BenderCraft
mc.cartelcraft.com:25569;Cartel Craft
gtm.goldenmc.org;GoldenGaming
login.craftofwar.net;Craft of War
lostwave.com;Lostwave Minecraft Server
ucgh.de;2Fast2Craft Creative
206.217.141.27;Ancient Fantasy
37.59.215.108;Wrakkath
109.169.20.35;â HitCraft Factionsâ
TntFactions.servegame.com;TNTFACTIONS
77.111.237.5;Chains World
obsessioncraft.net;ObsessionCraft
94.23.0.28:25613;SurvivalXT
67.222.150.114;MetalStorm PvP~150 Slots~
play.sanctumcraft.net;Rab1515 Prison Server
173.224.112.188:27865;[1.2.5] TacoApocalypse
109.70.149.199:25665;World Of Wasteland
188.165.216.9:25586;Vanilla MC UK
176.31.239.214:25594;Riftland [Offline Mode]
37.59.178.15;ChuboCraft
voicechatalpha.com;VoiceChatAlpha Chaos
37.59.83.106;Late Night Universe
rushteamc.com;RushTea MineCraft
mc.trickyland.us:25566;TrickyLand
pvp.altraux.com;Altraux PvP
play.sverrecraft.com;Sverrecraft
mc.tartarusrealm.com;Tartarus Realm
mcnoobs.info;Noobcraft Community
mc-lc.us;Lenoxcraft Survival
108.170.49.139:29220;W-craft
tektoncraft.nl;Tektoncraft
pride.mine.nu;Pride PvP 
cordite.net;AUS | Cordite-Gaming.Com
an.mcpro.co;Anarchy Network
77.111.253.120;Hunger Games Minecraft
mc.pigcraft.net;Pigcraft QC
play.fsrminecraft.com;FSR MINECRAFT
77.111.236.89;OreoCraft 24/7
klepto.wirm.net;Klepto\'s Playground
109.70.149.177;MCRaiders
82.76.85.249;mc.gameway.ro
sc34.servercraft.co:5592;AdventureCraft
67.222.149.213;TheWall
primary.knightsandmerchants.org;Knights and Merchants
76.74.156.71:28965;Wrecked Dynasty
PLAY.HAVENMC.COM;HavenMC
mc.hc-craft.com;HC-Craft
176.31.145.50;MoreCraft
server.dewcraft.com;Dewcraft Survival
minecraft.gameon365.net;GameOn365 Minecraft
85.236.100.46:30865;The Paradox Game
mc.picraft.com;PiCraft Minigames
play.ironvillemc.net;ironville
mc.fantasywar.net;FantasyWar
foxtopia.me;Foxtopia
CorruptFactions.no-ip.org;[CG] Corrupt Factions [CG
mc.sammyservers.com;SammyServers Minecraft
thedgclan.com;DeadlyCraft
64.34.165.5:25865;SharpCraft
Banshee-Craft.com;Banshee-Craft
Dirkocraft.net;Dirkocraft
minecraft.net4players.org;Net4Players Server
server.craftedmayhem.com;Crafted Mayhem
server.creepercraftmc.com;â CreeperCraft Towny Guns
jab.provisionhost.com;Hardcore PVP factions
108.170.48.50:25590;NEDCraft
play.creativecrafters.net;Creative Crafters
CLSMC.DYNDNS.ORG;CRYSTAL LAKE SURVIVAL
play.wolf-craft.org;Wolf Craft
smp.windoom.com;WinDoom
tropicraftmcs.servegame.com;TropiCraft
85.236.100.219:28365;T&J's Vanilla Server 
softslayer.com;SoftSlayer
37.59.183.165;sparklproductions
servers.citycraft.co.uk:1337;CityCraft - Build
lt.beastmc.com;LethalTactics
mc.wabcraft.com;WabCraft
37.59.215.108;Wrakkath PVP Factions
standardsurvival.com;Standard Survival
mt.gg;Minetown
mc.pluscraft.me;Pluscraft - Join the fun 
Podts.com;Podcraft
MonkeyCraft.org;MonkeyCraft
minecraft.bjal.se;Bjal server
ocmc.me;Obsidian Cities MC Server
minecraft.splitanatom.com;Split An Atom
play.legendsmc.org;LegendsMC
mc.craftyn.com;Craftyn Towny
play.creationmc.net;Creation MC
mc.midgardrealm.net;Midgard Realm
game.moncraft.net;MonCraft || FREEBUILD ||
mcassassins.game.nfoservers.com;MCAssassins
play.ironvillemc.net;IronVille
bakacraft.no-ip.org;Baka Craft
mc.cwmgaming.com;CWMGaming
mc.flip.lv;FLIP MineCraft 1.4.2
94.23.211.77:25050;The Realm of Malkioa
mc.sanc.us;1.2.5 !! Sanctum Hardcore
joiandocraft.dtdns.net;JoiandoCraft
mc.ironcraft.at.vu;Ironcraft Austria
sc-pvp.com;SwaggerCraft
wildwest.sp.tl:25607;The Wild Wild West
podts.com;PodCraft
play.mysticalcraft.org;Mysticalcraft-PvP-Faction
188.165.213.155:25573;RuneCraft
craftalot.beastnode.net:25580;Tekkitcraft
server.icolby.net;ColbyCraft
smp.madcraftgaming.com;Madcraft Gaming
thrownalive.dnsdynamic.com;Thrownalive Factions TNT Minecraft
play.delphicraft.net;DelphiCraft
play.zixtyycraft.com;Zixtyycraft
108.178.27.222;CDS Minecraft
mc.jmainguy.com;Jmainguy's PvP
173.15.60.243;Heroic Miners PvP Server
craftableraids.net;CraftableRaids
play.MCApocalypse.com;MCApocalyspe
www.dwacraft.com;DWACraft
mine.catserve.net;CatServe
connect.unitedminers.net;United Miners
72.51.33.24:28265;KreeperCraft
108.174.60.5:25865;ReformedCraft 
mc.lockedcraft.com;LockedCraft Network
play.novafactions.com;NovaFactions
198.204.237.109;ACME
96.244.75.158:25568;Origin of Might Minecraft
178.32.150.136;Marble Craft
server.minecraftcity.us;Minecraft City
Mix-Craft.org;Mix-Craft.org
mc.spartanmc.net;SpartanMC
play.acecraft.org;AceCraft
mc.xp-e.net;ChiRho Entertainment
46.105.230.234;Minecraft Survivalplugins
176.31.86.156;BritCraft
46.105.151.103;Void PVP
94.23.227.183:25567;AlphaCraft
anarchy.mctdm.com;anarchy grief pvp mob are
69.65.43.33:27965;Raidzcraft 
mc.darkpvp.com;Dark PvP
mc.dhugaming.com;Diamond Hoarders
mc.midgardrealm.net;Midgard Realm
66.225.195.106;PsYcHoSiS
108.170.38.184;EnjoiCraft
mc.mobiuscraft.org;MobiusCraft
mc.concraftmc.com:25578;Concraft!
66.85.138.178:25569;RockFallGames
fight.realmservers.net:28165;craftminekill
Create.Ownedcraft.Com;Ownedcraft
prison.viral-gaming.org;Behind Bars Prison
50.115.33.162:25579;SaviourCraft
mc.oresomecraft.com;OresomeCraft Network
176.31.223.74:22;justcraft
mc.snaketopia.com:25535;Snaketopia
65.99.193.51:26965;Ender-Craft
69.27.127.158:25570;the Mezzanine
109.70.149.178:26165;GRiiMCRAFT - FREEBUILD
178.239.163.51:25575;JMBCraft [PvP] [Raiding] 
mc.thecitycraft.co.uk;The City Craft
mc.templar-gaming.com;Templar Minecraft
server.connorcpu.net;Connors MineCraft Server
mc.levelupmc.com;Level Up Minecraft
mc.jjclcraft.com;JJCL Server
mc.epicmcs.com;Epicmcs
178.239.170.165:25579;PlainsOfTranquility
mc.imperialcraft.net;Imperial Craft
77.111.243.194;Spirits of Maevi
mc.hc-craft.com;MinecraftFinland
mc.holysteward.com;The Holy Lands
mc.thecitycraft.co.uk;The City Craft
37.59.165.209;RPGCraft
mc.thecitycraft.co.uk;sonic_sam7
5.39.36.242;RadonCraft 
mc.projectnarna.co.uk;Project Narna
Theronsminecraft.com;Craft-A-Lot
209.15.226.39:27965;Snow
84.200.27.250;www.infinitysilence.1x.de
109.70.149.213;Raw Unleashed
mc.waterbucket.info;WaterBucket
excelsiorcraft.net;ExcelsiorCraft
46.20.119.8:30265;Official Stevenism RP
91.121.163.7;MineirosPT Minecraft
evocraft-mc.com;Evolutionary Craft
play.hideyourfire.com;Hide Your Fire Civilized Survival
Drizzcraft.net;Drizzcraft
pccheaters.servegame.com;PcCheaters Server (Free Build)
mc.thecitycraft.co.uk;the craft city
182.255.96.109;Beergamez
spectralcraft.game.nfoservers.com;SpectralCraft
minecraft.sandstormgaming.com;Sandstorm Gaming Creative
sv.scungilli.net;ScungilliNETMinecraft
play.mcball.net;MCBall | Paintball Server | #1 PvP Game
mc.glitchingnetwork.com;GlitchCraft
5.39.4.134;sheepville
play.moosevalley.net;MooseValley
minecraft.ansley-park.com;Lost In Translation
109.70.149.208:25765;SSG Servers
69.175.118.2;Crafting Innovations
mc.thecitycraft.co.uk;The City Craft
208.122.48.18:25877;Gaia MC
server.slo-minecraft.com;Minecraft Slovenia
epiccraft.us16.creeperhost.net;EpicCraft
109.70.149.205:25765;DarkSoulsPVP
109.70.149.205:25765;DarkSoulsPVP
37.59.183.164;Percy Jackson Server!
node13.minecrafted.net:25569;Kingdommine
109.70.149.207:25665;Beta-Craft
MC.LIVEANDBUILD.NET;MC.LIVEANDBUILD.NET
208.115.220.12;HunterCraft
5.39.4.145;DragonHunger
play.kofs.eu;Kingdom Of Sanctuary [Hun
minecreep.co.uk;Minecreep (tekkit)
108.170.24.114:25571;AdventureLand
minecraftbattle.com;MinecraftBattle
minecraft.masterkey101.minefold.com;no plugin server
unleashed.kicks-ass.net;Unleashed
tntpvp.com;TnTPvP
s.Block-World.de;Block-World
cms.noip.us:25566;CastleCraft
sienimetsa.com;sienimetsa (Tekkit)
188.165.94.48;HighOrder
hub.obsidiancraft.com;ObsidianCraft Cloud
craftervillemc.com:25596;Crafterville Create/Survi
66.85.138.178:25583;CheckersCraft
173.208.222.170;Diamond Planet
95.143.195.118:27765;Dwarfencraft
mc.cashsotf.com;Survival of the Fittest 
37.59.151.244;TempleWar
lobby.muttsworldmine.com;MuttsWorld Minecraft
main.mc-pg.in;pandora gaming
184.164.152.118;Creeperlife
173.234.239.210;Evolith
survive.omzig204.minefold.com;survivecraft
a1mc.ru;A1
play.savageprison.net;Savage Realm's Prison
98.248.244.226:25566;Monkey Parkour
108.170.61.38;McBluecross
37.59.165.216;MultiCraft
mc.guggabums.com;Guggabums Survival
ravand.org;MindCrack
sc10.servercraft.co:3329;Outpost 31
108.174.60.104:25665;Emerald Realms
mc.vancouvercraft.ca;Vancouver Craft
46.253.203.245:25665;ReverzeCraft
mc.terabyte-gaming.net;Terabyte Gaming Network
hub.legendaryempire.co.uk;Legendary Empire
66.85.135.226:25584;Prime Time
smp.thesaddledpig.net;The Saddled Pig
DarkRealm.no-ip.biz;DarkRealm
omega-mc.com;Omega Minecraft
184.170.244.19:25586;P-a-m-o-a
184.164.149.30:25569;1.2.6 â¢ PvP! â¢ SmilesCraf
funcraft.servegame.org;Funcraft
mc.gamersyard.net;GamersYard
176.31.207.166;Thor Craft
assassinscreed.game.nfoservers.com;mcassassins
pvp.craftonne.com;Craftonne PvP Server
75.127.5.25;VictoryCraft
mc.kicraft.co.uk;KiCraft
mc.endlesshorizons.co.uk;Endless Horizons Survival
serv.mcnewhope.com;NewHope
mc.bigbadcraft.net;BigBadCraft
deserver.tk;Deserver
mumausserver.com;Mumau's Prison
66.85.168.58:25598;Monolith Minecraft
mc.pagedowngaming.info;PageDownGaming
pvp.creepercraftmc.com;CreeperCraft PvP
31.25.103.51:25618;PrevolutionCraft
mc.klgcraft.co.uk;KlgCraft
jcdesimp.com;Jcdesimp's CANVAS
37.59.69.63;TDWCraft
69.175.46.233;[1.4.2] Titancraft
thewallmc.net;TheWall
Darcraft.net;Darcraft PvP
envypvp.mcmod.net;EnvyCraft
hackshardgaming.net;Havoc Factions PVP
46.105.246.201;Black Moon Gaming
mc.aitmcraft.com;All in the Mined
66.85.168.58:25596;ObeeCraft Survival!
iceycraft.no-ip.org;IceyCraft
77.111.237.249;GetSomeMinecraft
69.175.116.133;CraftScape
mc-hw.com;Hero World
mc.irishminecraft.eu;Irishminecraft
188.165.216.9:25577;SideCraft
mc.dockbukkit.com;DockBukkit
77.111.201.111;SPCraft
mc.noble-craft.net;NobleCraft
80.74.27.54;NerdNet_Pembury
178.33.233.11:25578;RaidWorld2
198.154.103.93;SlimeWorld
play.adoncraft.com;Adoncraft
windycraft.net;windycraft
minedogz.no-ip.org;minedogz server
46.105.118.204:25567;Bomboy43
Core.stonecoldrails.com;StoneColdRails
survivaldestiny.g.akliz.net;Survival Destiny [Towny] 
mc.theavengerspvp.com;TheAvengersPvP
66.85.129.130:25570;NeoCraft
s12.hosthorde.com:25573;The Metaverse
37.59.137.210;westpark
mc14.crew.sk;DarkSites PvP CZ/SK
72.51.33.24:28165;GlowCraft
hackshardgaming.net;HAVOC FACTIONS PVP
pvp.defcraft.net;Defcraft PvP
178.33.227.234:25574;MXSurviVAL
72.249.124.185:25765;KolaPvp
65.99.193.55:25765;Mobsters
mc.skyislands-mc.com;SkyBlock # SkyGrid # Drop
main.skyislands-mc.com;SkyGrid + SkyBlock
108.60.193.142:25885;SphereCraft
darkk.us.to;Project Doomcraft
serverq.kaivos.org:25566;Server Q
lobby.worldofminecraft.nl;World of Minecraft NL Lobby
play.epicmineworld.net:26077;EpicMineWorld
mc-valderia.mooo.com;Valderia
greenbay.gbunetwork.com;Green Bay Minecraft
play.thacraft.com;ThaCraft
SmurfCraft.fr6.creeperhost.net;SmurfCraft
kladkatt.se;Kladkatt
server.tidesofwaronline.com;Tides of War
valar.zapto.org;Valar Morghulis
mc16.crew.sk:25575;MAXzone
mc.moseley.eu;Whiteley Minecraft Server
184.154.166.250;The Province
178.239.170.172:25574;Survival Destiny
66.85.148.218:25577;InfinityCraft
smp.zyleria.com;Zyleriacraft
mc14.crew.sk:25581;Em-Game_Minecraft
72.51.33.24:29065;Multiplay::Livecraft
lifemud.com;Lifemud
mc.mcmedievil.com;MCMEDIEVIL
play.stormforgemc.com;Stormforge
74.209.179.45:25865;-InfinityCraft-
play.thelostwoodsmc.co.uk:25575;TheLostWoodsMC
mc.an00b.com;Hardcore PVP/Factions
108.174.63.86;TheZeal
mc.thecitycraft.co.uk;The City Craft
108.233.50.41;Nordic Survival
216.185.114.83:25665;PixelTV
yermocraft.tk;Yermo Capital
mc.strontkever.com;Strontkever.com Survival
pvp.gontroller.com;Gontroller PvP
mc-lc.com;Legandary
pure-craft.co.uk;Purecraft Survival 24/7 
mc.voxela.com;Voxela Networks
95.143.195.159:28565;Tekkinc. Tekkit Server!
play.wifk.com;play.wifk.com
91.121.86.105:25570;ActionChannel
play.reluxcraft.com;Reluxcraft
199.127.227.191;Alive Inside
mc.side.lv;Side.lv
5.39.36.235;Soakcraft
mc.ceiling-cat.net;Ceiling-Cat PvP Anarchy
66.85.128.98:25600;Communist Coalition!
37.59.137.72;Vapor Craft
mcwar.de;McWarDE
mc.maxisociety.com;MaxiSociety
mcacraft.servegame.com;MCA Craft
play.spectralcraft.net;SpectralCraft
66.85.168.58:25609;NightlockCraft
main.kingscrafters.com;KingsCraft
98.197.9.239;DeCraft
176.31.16.73;Craft Cubed
198.12.64.238;RFICraft
75.127.5.39;Minearchy
ress.pacificstate.ca;Pacific State Creative
199.187.210.44;Havens Cove
koobana.dyndns.org;Koobana
CharliesCraft.co.uk;CharliesCraft
craft.mancraft.eu:37001;mancraft.eu
h00per.dyndns.org;hemilag
206.217.129.210:27565;BrothersCraft
77.111.249.230;Riddenbacker Craft
5.9.226.69;MDX Minecraft Server PVE / PVP
192.210.194.91:25665;WorldCraft Survival
199.229.249.7;Emperous
BtzCubeCraft.mccraft.us:25566;BtzCubeCraft
play.undergroundantics.net:25690;Underground Antics
play.bedrockmine.com:25597;Bedrock Mine
mc.tekecraft.co.uk;Tekecraft
176.9.113.56:25576;ABZones
82.96.119.55:25665;Ethopia Alfa
66.85.137.74;BattleZonePvp
infgaming.com;INFGaming
Play.The10Kings.com;The 10 Kings
184.95.47.171;FourthWorld
prison.minersunlimited.com;Condemed Craft
infinite.cheesium.com;Cheesium Infinite Item Spawning Server
play.aminecraft.com;Aminecraft
sc8.servercraft.co:8764;Rimular
8.17.252.116:25865;Survival Mania 1.2.5
66.117.11.19:25568;Derpfinity
mc.valkyr.com.au;Valkyr Australia
rulercraft.no-ip.org;RulerCraft
94.23.153.64:25799;Mushroomcraft survival
spartacraft.rockbottom2018.minefold.com;spartacraft
37.59.215.124;RageCraft
216.172.97.30:26245;TroiKraft
63.143.48.119;Black Lung Mining
creativecraft.rockbottom2018.minefold.com;creativecraft
minecraft.splitanatom.com;Split An Atom
dweebcraft.playmc.co;Dweebcraft
minecraft.caedis.net;Caediscraft
5.39.4.135;LaxCraft
laprison.net;Locked Away Prison
Craftera.com;CraftEra
162.252.10.212;Capital MC
50.129.138.127;Digital PvP [1.4.2] [NEW]
84.200.193.215;MysticalCraft
servers.citycraft.co.uk;CityCraft Servers
85.236.101.220:28465;RelinquishCraft
mc.worldofboon.com;The World of Boon
5.9.31.21;EVOLUTION OF DARKNESS
66.85.168.10:25582;Puragtory_Prison_Server
199.116.114.57;TheDiamondBox
rpg.mrminecraft.net;Mr Minecraft RPG
mortalc.no-ip.org;Reborn Legend
play.masterycraft.com;MasteryCraft Survival
cookieslap.net;CookieSlap
mcminigames.no-ip.org;McMiniGames
play.lemoncraft.com;Lemon Craft
5.39.118.73;epic factions
176.9.113.56:25571;Ancestral
mc.duncsmc.com;DuncsMC Survival
play.mcfort.com;MC FORT
minecraft.chilliserver.com;Chilli Server
mc.mymines.info;MyMines
Braunschweig.minecraft.gs;SavuriaGroup-Amazingcraft
smp.wcminecraft.com;Wildcard Minecraft
razor.servegame.com;Razorscraft
server.minequestria.com;MineQuestria
mc.keinett.us;KeiNett Gaming
198.144.182.140;JungleKraft
unleashed.kicks-ass.net;Unleashed Minecraft PVP
Ziimcraft.net;ZiimCraft
188.165.197.199:25583;FlamesOfAnarchy
96.8.117.104;Wolfden
199.188.101.86;CraftBrothers
85.236.100.24:26365;TerradinPvP
serv.mcfaction.net;MCFaction SMP [1.2.5]
mc.mineresort.eu;Mineres0rt
mc.deathraid.com;DeathRaid
lostboys.game-host.org;lostboys
node2.minecrafted.net:25582;thorad
77.111.245.52;ParadACE
bustacraft.a2g.gs;Bust A Craft
play.mccraft.co.uk;MCCraft
5.39.4.152;Tekkit server
minecraft.rdlg.net;The Grill
smp.lgmax.net;lgmax SMP
machentertainment.com;Machentertainment 
178.33.238.123:25567;magic kingdom
5.39.36.243;Cobblecraft
46.105.114.30:25573;Ziloric Gaming - Hardcore
myskyblock.com;My Skyblock
bustacraft.a2g.gs;Bust-A-Craft
seimr.com;Seim/Jones Tekkit Server
77.111.207.161;CubeCraft
redskullserver.serveftp.com;RedSkull
216.231.128.102;Background Survival
mc.skgaming.net;SilverTowers
mine.reflex-gamers.com;rxg | Reflex
198.154.103.81;Hardcore Survival
176.31.145.27;KathiumCraft
darthstacohut.zapto.org;DarthCraft Tekkit Server
play.qridmc.com;Qrid!
mc.nxtcraft.com;NXTCRAFT
193.35.58.69:25572;IngenuityCraft
adventurecraft.mcph.co:28136;Adventurecraft
96.8.119.227:27465;FU SERVER CANADA
mc.rp-guilds.com;RPGuilds
mc.cubiville.com;Cubiville
37.59.192.195;Sammichland
C.McBlocks.net;McBlocks - Creative
minecraftsmp.org:1337;MinecraftRPG
play.unitedpvp.com;unitedpvp
64.94.100.51;MCAssassins
darkfate.wo.tc;Darkfate
lol.pe;MC Republic
mc.hammarecraft.com;Hammarecraft
94.23.211.77:25588;Blazecraft
mc.dissidiacraft.com;DissidiaCraft
michiganminecraftserver.us;Michigan-Minecraft-Server
109.70.149.178:26465;Klungland
50.31.65.103;Byson's Server
82.96.119.93:25665;Sub-Craft
play.whiteservermc.com;WhiteServer
feilding.servebbs.net;poo vill
37.59.200.68;Colorcraft
play.toxinteam.tk;ToxinCraft
184.164.151.82;Enimcraft
play.derp.biz:25608;This Planet Lives
184.164.136.210:25579;Guild Of MineCrafters
184.154.95.90;SkyBlock Survival
pumpkin-patch.org;The Pumpkin Patch
TheIsland.zapto.org;The Island*1.3--PVP, Surv
play.dagelijksdutchgaming.com;Dagelijksdutchgaming
176.31.16.78;DaiCraft
mc.crafttm.com;CraftTM
windoom.com;Windoom SMP
play.worldofcubes.net;World Of Cubes
176.31.229.17:25581;Mikeminecraft
69.27.127.112:25570;kreditcraft
142.4.36.74;TheLoneSurvivors
176.31.16.73;Craft Cubed
isue-server.eecs.ucf.edu;Minds of Chimera
venus.homeip.net;LinkCraft
75.127.11.54;Premier Craft
108.170.15.242:25708;Civilizations
176.31.235.15:25581;UltimatePvP
62.243.119.11;TBC DK + US Surival
game1.serverscape.net;ServerScape.net
server.creepersandcake.com;Creepers and Cake
46.20.119.34:26565;ComiCraft 1.3.1
209.236.124.150;Medieval Craft
178.33.227.90:25572;MCrealism
81.233.43.201;DokuKraftLight
whiskeycraft.net;Whiskey Outpost
Blackcraft.us;BlackcraftUS
CreeperCraft.mccraft.us;CREEPERCRAFT 
grimworld.co;GrimWorld
feilding.servebbs.net;Feilding Server CraftBukk
mineblock.dyndns.org:25603;mineblock 
mc.thecitycraft.co.uk;City Craft
mc.pleduc.nl;Pleduc
dlougheed.com;Billionaire
JMBCraft.nn.pe:25575;JMBCraft|HardCoreFactions
oasisoils.net;Oils of Oasis
82.96.119.118:25665;XaioCraft
Moonrise.Enlightenedware.com;Moonrise Factions Server
epm.nn.pe:25607;EPM-Craft
176.31.208.89;DirtCraft
mc-lc.com;CraftKing1997
108.174.48.202:25665;PureMadness
69.65.42.230:29465;BlazeCraft
108.61.28.34:25571;Elevation Gaming
mc.trickyprison.org;TrickyPrison
176.31.229.42:25580;Treasurecraft
mc4.n1ce.cz:25700;Czech Creative
magi-craft.net;MagiCraft Network
198.144.179.34;One Shot Warriors
108.170.6.106:25575;Dynasty Craft
176.31.232.194:25586;TTcraft #1 Hunger game
play.elementalcraftserver.com;Elemental Craft
bustacraft.a2g.gs;Dixie-Craft
mc.joe.to;mc.joe.to
94.23.6.16:25626;Vanilla Flavored Juice
mc.grminecraft.org;GrandRapids
xx0m3gaxx.com;xX0M3GAXxs MC Server
80.221.168.152;UnifyCraft.HQ
108.170.12.212;Kingdom Craft
mc.minedk.net;MineDK
69.175.65.167;Vortex Hardcore PvP
173.242.117.180:25571;RainBowWarriorCraft
derpsunited.minecraft.to;Derps United
play.diamcraft.com;Diamcraft
37.59.200.71;SteakCraft
derpsunited.minecraft.to;Derps United
37.59.137.196;The Colonies
play.jtminecraft.com;JTMinecraft
portal.savagerealms.net;Savage Realms
pvp.savagerealms.net;Savage PvP/Raid
rpg.savagerealms.net;Savage RPG
hub.sr-sg.net;SR Survival Games
play.mckoth.com;King of the Hill
184.95.42.202:33719;CreeperCraft
vboxing.de;vBoxing.de
xJordannx-SMP.mcfrag.net:26165;xJordannxs SMP Server
mc.terracrafters.net;TerraCrafters
hub.sr-sg.net;the survival games
ofmc.me;OfficialMinecraft Server
176.31.208.75;HomemadeGeek Craft
hg.herobrinecraft.com;Herobrine Craft Hunger Ga
24.130.14.186;Taco Craft
EndlessSurvival.co.uk;EndlessSurvival
mc.bck.me;black cat minecraft
mineland.blockia.com;Mineland Survival Server
206.217.129.198:25665;Zealot Gaming Clan Server
mycraft.provisionhost.com;myCraft
mc.cloudmine.eu;Cloud Mine
tekkit.jacgaming.com;JAC Tekkit
play.blockville.net;Blockville
standardsurvival.com;standard survival
8.17.250.138:26265;Rise2Power 1.3.1 Hardcore
75.102.46.10:25665;Khaotic Krab!
EternalCraft.Sytes.Net;EternalCraft
198.12.126.176;ParaidsePvP
66.85.187.42;MineMack Economy Survival
server.minesworn.com;MineSworn Community
66.85.148.218:25586;CraftigGames
198.27.80.181:25574;Moddedcraft
play-lg.com;The Medieval Minecraft Experience 
trueminecraft.mcph.co:25696;True Minecraft
69.65.42.230:29365;TwinCities :: Survival! 
8.17.250.98:25611;TNT-CRAFT
soulzinc.com;Soulz Craft
mc.maio.me;maiomecraft
play.unitedpvp.com;United PVP
us.craftycraft.net;CraftyCraft
server.mccity.us;MCCity
spudcraft.net;SpudCraft
209.236.124.214;Cog's Server
50.23.129.102:26965;RXMAHN5 SERVER
108.174.60.13:25665;aufur'server
85.131.149.81;Craft Island
184.95.47.170:25585;Knights of Irongtae
minemu.sytes.net;Minemu
108.174.48.200:25665;Modesty
gamernoob.game-server.cc;SpaceCraft PVP/Factions
77.111.244.178;GramsLegeplads
mc.brutalcraft.org;BrutalCraft
blenkebo.mine.nu;Blenkebo Survival
198.12.127.122;Infinite-Craft
mc.avengecraft.com;Avengecraft
HavocPvP.a2g.gs;Havoc PvP
mc04.serverminer.com;ElderCraft
mc.theadahy.com;TheAdahyGaming Tekkit
pvp.craft-ology.com;Craftology
earthiverse.ath.cx;Minecraft server
play.finalheavenMC.us;Final Heaven
realmcraft.dyndns.org;Realm Craft
77.111.244.47;The Zone
198.12.65.19:25765;EPIC CRAFT
nadeau.dlinkddns.com;NadeauCraft
us5.minez.net;MineZ
192.99.39.154:2014;Super Happy Fun Time
81.30.155.38;Battle Royale
96.8.116.19:25665;FioreCraft
CanadiaCraft.Akliz.Net;Canadia Craft
69.175.65.200;Wonkeelands Greenfield
northvalley.co.uk;North Valley
pragonlands.servedpixels.com;Pragonlands
24.220.242.134;Mooner's Tekkit Server
78.143.2.133;theÂ secretÂ Life
199.188.101.67;Tatsu Craft - Tekkit
alanthya.cjb.net:811;Alanthya
Li-play.com;Legendary Island
50.31.67.16;competitive gaming server
Minecraft.GamerOne.net;Yogscast Complete
buzzcast.org;Buzzcast survival
wolfrealms.org;Wolf Realms
minecraft.tacticalgaming.net;Official Tactical Gaming 
85.236.109.210:32565;Kingdom of Pandoria
77.111.238.107;Hunger Games
stu.verygames.net;Emerald-Craft
remote.reddingtech.com;OpenFields
206.217.143.93;Competitive Craft
142.4.40.19;Frostbitten Gaming
66.85.148.157:25570;Blizzdream.tk
158.69.139.140;The Kingdom of Latis
198.15.74.186;UprisingPvP
184.164.152.186;VulcanCraft
8.17.252.136:25765;Wasabicraft
mc.HelmetCraft.com;HelmetCraft
178.33.229.220:25578;SimpilyCrafted
hungergames1.aljosto123.minefold.com;hunger games
108.170.25.100;Justice
50.7.228.210;AzaCraft Tekkit classic Pvp EE
 66.85.165.162:25643;DeadlyRaids
184.154.143.137;Le' Server
mixcraft.no-ip.org;Mixcraft
psurvival.no-ip.org;Prison Survival!
198.12.126.164;StarCraft 
69.175.113.234;RubyCraft
duprecraft.com;Dupre Craft
199.26.86.69;Skill Craft
Serv.cruelmc.com;CruelMC Econpvp
mc.YourCraft.org;YOURCRAFT SURVIVAL
pvp.arckingdoms.com;Arc Kingdoms
198.12.66.145;Nanocraft 
PowerFul.McServer.Ws;PowerFul-MC Network l Huge Network
play.nateandsie.com;Nate & Sie
EMP.mine.bz;EMP.mine.BZ - Australia
27.50.70.11:26365;Crescent Craft!
109.70.149.211:25965;TheOutBreakGaming Server
76.30.188.159;ChesterCraft (Factions)
s.dhmc.us;DarkHelmet
176.31.239.138:25589;Lonks Server
37.59.252.94;TortoiseCraft
198.15.73.179;Skyrim the fallen Cities 
minejam.com;MineJam
mc.pitcraft.net;PitCraft
198.12.126.10;Zinc Craft
pvp.ruthlessdomain.com;Ruthless Domain
play.mcapocalypse.com;MCApocalypse - SMP 1.5.1
korecraft.com;KoreCraft
176.31.211.115;MurderCraft PVP Minecraft
lostcitiesmc.zapto.org;Lost Cities MC
37.59.252.94;EcoCraft
216.172.97.27;Ice-Gaming
46.105.113.15:25567;worldofskill
108.178.35.237;World of Bigcraft
74.121.185.182:25608;Dynamocraft
mc.ss-mc.net;Shadow Sorcerors 
mc.rebelpenguin.co.uk;RebelPenguin - The Scabla
199.58.185.149;TaurusCraft
192.210.236.20:25665;EternalMine
mc.gilded-aegis.net;Gilded Aegis
Ultimapvp.net;UltimaPVP
play.aegispvp.net;Aegis PVP
46.253.203.229:25965;Minestiello
96.8.116.19:25865;QuestCraft
65.60.57.13;MagmaCraft
mcp.underore.com;UnderOre
mc-hg.com;Minecraft Hunger Games
stirebuild.mcserver.ws;Stirebuild
hc.albopvp.com;AlboPVP 
108.178.35.252;Fallen-Craft
108.178.35.252;Fallencraft
wencraft.dnsdynamic.com;WenCraft 2
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
play.ac-mc.net;Ace Craft
play.mcshadow-craft.net;McShadowCraft V9
minecraft.ostechga.com;OSTechGA SMP
NexusMinecraft.net;NexusMC
havoc.game.nfoservers.com;havoc-craft
128.65.219.38;CombatCraft
93.186.204.221;=Black-Bull= Multigaming
mc.vertoforce.com:25545;Verto Force Tekkit Server
85.236.101.19:28065;NukeCraft 
142.4.49.138;ElitePvp
mc.landsofannwn.com;The Lands of Annwn 
fr6.mooshroom.net:25571;Exoplanet
109.70.149.197:26165;INTENSIVE craft
gldesert.com;ââGreat Light Desertââ
5.135.34.242;BananaCraft
76.114.254.63;Jeffros server
morganmc.dyndns.org;Morganmc
5.39.98.184;UltimateCraft
mc.serb-craft.com;SERB-CRAFT Survival
PortalsUnite.nn.pe:25581;Portals Unite 24/7
mc-server.co.uk;MCserverUK Server Hub
MC.EpicServer.net;EpicServer.net
67.222.154.164;PVP legends
server.kbgaming.tk;KBGaming 24/7 Multiverse
mc.raycore.org;Raycore
olympiacraft.us.to:25592;olympia craft
mine.bio-networks.net;Bio-Networks (Sexii)
198.144.179.30;RepoTactics
play.InfernalKingdoms.com;Infernal Kingdoms Always Updated
85.236.101.238:31065;frederick's server
mc.teozcommunity.com;teozcommunity
67.212.180.46;Op Server
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
play.savagerealms.net;Savage Realms
85.131.153.100;NyanPig 24/7 Freebuild Survival
199.26.86.202;LANDICRAFT
208.122.52.141;StrangeCraft
play.kreatious.net;Kreatious
199.229.251.208;BLAZE CRAFT
108.61.28.34:25571;elevation gamin
epidemic.hydra-minecraft.net;Epidemic - A new gamemode
tekkit.basaltgaming.com;Basalt Gaming - Tekkit
Mc.DestinyCraft.net;Destiny Craft
198.154.108.6;MaximalMinecraft 24/7
fight.mckitpvp.us;MCKitPvP
tk.duncsweb.com;DuncsWeb Tekkit
foxbox2.dyndns-at-home.com;Foxbox
94.23.211.77:25587;Jordys PVP server
46.105.151.120;AMBUSH-CRAFT Hunger games
pvp.tmorton.net;pvp sever survivals
GameOfStones.net;Game Of Stones
85.131.240.121;mattsprestige
184.154.11.17;Master Craft Tekkit
209.236.122.122;PBcreations
lostwave.com;Lostwave
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
198.136.52.205;Amazing Mine
176.31.138.236;KillerPVP
199.188.101.56;CrimsonCraft
69.175.46.45;[IceCraft][Grandopening]
Play.FloridaMinecraft.com;Florida Minecraft Server 
server.dewcraft.com;Dewcraft Survival
37.157.251.104;Panni-Craft
voidsurvival.multiminecraft.com;Void Survival
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
tddccmc.no-ip.biz;TDD
199.115.231.185;KIM-craft
216.94.147.54;Fat Hairy Princess
sweminecraft.servegame.com;SweMinecraft 24/7 ECO
198.12.70.48;MagnesiumCraft
199.229.251.250;Land Of Anarchy
mc.settlerscraft.com;Settlerscraft
solariusminecraftserver.com;Solarius Minecraft Server
mc-lc.com;Legendarycraft
play.prisoncity.net;PrisonCity 1.3.2
69.175.94.20;MasterCraft
198.12.70.71;Adventure Craft
mc.herobrineshosting.com:1504;PlebCraft
hub.mcwintercraft.com;WinterCraft
198.12.70.25;All Games Server!
67.212.180.35;Primitive Gaming
mc.reapersreach.net;Reaper's Reach
176.31.6.19;MC Diamondz
play.infinitypvp.org;Infinity Pvp
mc.judgmentrealm.com;Judgment Realm
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends!
85.236.101.34:28165;ZedstaCraft
209.188.23.250:25566;Dake99craft
198.144.179.236;GoldenWorldPvP
tootallgaming.com;TooTallGaming
199.58.185.156;ManziLand
188.165.136.222:26000;LockedPvP
67.222.154.189;CoryCraft
rbblcraft.no-ip.org;RBBLCRAFT
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
mc.obbytown.org;ObbyTown
mc.wonderproject.net;WonderProject
www.trojan-craft.eu:25591;trojan craft
www.trojan-craft.eu:25591;trojan craft
game.mwanzocraft.org;MwanzoCraft
mc.synapsehlp.com;SynapseHLP
mcdharkcrest.tk;Dharks Crest
67.222.154.164;Pvp legends
67.222.154.164;PVP legends
play-umc.com;Ultimaxcraft
tekk.me;Craft Australia
94.23.227.183:25578;DIGBYCRANK SERVER!!!!!!!
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
minecraft.clanrks.com;Clan RKS Survival
46.105.108.27:25598;SkyNet Prison
198.12.126.67;LegionMC
188.40.37.82:26065;Lucius And Co!
199.229.251.150;Hallow Grounds [HCSMP]
MC.JUJUCRAFT.NET;JujuCraft
198.12.126.70;Battle Realms Economy
green.epicminetime.com;EMT GREEN
85.236.100.199:29565;QuackingCraft
kamocraft.no-ip.org;Kamo Craft
mc.topscraft.com;Topscraft
play.aton2.com;ATon2s Server
109.169.12.115;lonelywoods pvp
play.faxgaming.com;Faxgaming
play.epicminetime.com;EMT Networks
minecraft.n0tiz.be;Zeworld 1.6.2 AiO server
108.232.160.77;Eo Craft
mc.twistedestiny.net;Twisted Destiny
pvpb3ast.sytes.net;PvP B3AST
mc.ufblive.co.uk;ZonkedCompanion Redstone Server
198.12.70.48;MagnesiumCraft
67.222.154.164;Pvp legends
67.222.154.164;Pvp legends
onitsoga.com;Onitsoga Craft
mc.atomicdivisions.com;Atomic Divisions
mc.avengecraft.com;Avengecraft
108.166.172.74;Legends of Minecraft
mc.worldoffantasia.com;World of Fantasia
minecraft.technobuffalo.com;TechnoBuffalo
86.18.161.70;UKGD Minecraft
minewar.eu;MineWar
199.241.185.43:25612;CoolCraft
mc15.crew.sk:25580;Mini-Portal
67.222.154.164;Pvp legends
67.222.154.164;PVP legends
mc7.crew.sk:25581;[CZ/SK]Acreocraft---1.3.1
mine.mccity.org;funonly
wildfiremc.com;wildfire
85.236.100.50:26565;CrustyCraft
sc24.servercraft.co:3160;Konsol Craft
mc.fuzzycraft.com;FuzzyCraft
216.244.86.119;Craft4Lols
129.24.146.112;Strike the Earth
67.222.150.29;SuperNovaCraft
videotechdude.servegame.com;FactionSkyblockCreative
216.244.86.119;Craft_4_Lols
dothrakicraft.com;DothrakiCraft
75.127.13.166;kingscraft
198.12.126.15;Mingineer Craft
199.229.249.167;Creeper Hill
66.135.42.50:30965;Aeryth
survival.zcportal.eu:25579;ZCportal.eu - Survival
50.31.22.41;UberCraft
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
mc.evercraft.org;Evercraft
MC.CEDARCRAFT.ORG;CedarCraft
server.attaricraft.info;AttariCraft
play.krytenmc.net;Kryten
mc-vg.com;[Epic Terrain] VySX Gamin
65.99.193.50:25865;MCRaidcraft
play.widowcraft.co.uk:25580;Widowcraft
tntpvp.com;TntPvp
mcminigames.no-ip.org;Minecraft Minigames
mc.lilcraft.net;LiLCraft
78.143.4.56;RPG PvP Server
mc.JupCraft.org;JupCraft
minecraft.burnring.com;Burnring Server
69.175.24.38;â¤RENDERCRAFTâ¤(1.3) HARDCO
play.battlepvp.com;BattlePVP
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
69.175.113.244;Rampage PvP
guldaria.no-ip.org;Kingdom Of Guldaria
74.91.123.153;World Of MineCraft
server.pvpkings.org;PvPKings 
176.31.153.56;Something Craft
mc.rencorner.com;Rencorner Network
69.64.38.171:33336;Bronycraft
Minewar.eu;MineWar
199.229.251.217:25615;MineStars v3
67.222.154.164;PVP legends
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends
klockenstein.se;Klock N Kraft
mc.ozzcraft.com;OzzCraft
hub.bravemc.com;BraveNetwork
216.144.250.169;ClashCraft
142.4.40.20;Fusion-Craft
5.9.59.204:25601;MarlucCraft
minecraft.cjhx.net;Hamiland
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
209.236.126.159;Titancraft
play.hexicraft.com;HexiCraft
67.222.154.164;Pvp legends
5.9.152.108:25566;PhyCraft
199.188.103.215;CreepahCraft
95.141.41.137:26765;Multiplay MineAcademy
play.combatmc.com;Combat MC
198.12.123.15;Minecraft Unleashed 24/7 
66.135.42.50:29665;RedBeta99's PvP Land
server.minecraftomega.com;Minecraft Omega
mc39.serverminer.com:25630;EnderRealm PvP
mc.havoc.network;Havoc
78.46.78.203;#moonstonemc.com | Univer
178.33.229.220:25578;SimplyMc
jogar.minecraftserver.com.br;CraftGeneration Server
66.225.231.139:28265;The Conspirators Server
85.236.100.222:28165;Sniper Craft
mc2.duncsweb.com;DuncsWeb Games
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends
176.31.130.205;GodCraft Survival 24/7
crikycraft.com;CrikyCraft
46.105.151.114;BladezCraft
109.169.12.117;SMD CRAFT 24/7
37.59.183.172;Shallacraft! [PvE]
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends
mc.thekingspvp.com;Kings PVP
pvp.mc-lc.com;Legendary-PVP
176.31.225.193:25587;Madafakar World
play.zaptremworld.com;Zaptrem World
mc.renegademiners.co.uk:26265;Renegademiners
mc-lc.com;legendarycraft
198.12.127.119;ShadowXCraft
MC-SMP.com;creative host
188.165.158.184;Pumpkin Prison
survival.muttsworldmine.com;muttsworld
events.savagerealms.net;Savage Events
77.111.244.226;RevengeCraft
ninescraft.net;ninescraft
69.27.127.233:25567;o.o
66.85.168.58:25585;FURYpvp
184.95.40.178:25574;NW Faction server
96.127.131.73;NickCraft
jameskickassminecraftserver.com;24/7-LEGIT-SURVIVAL
play.diamcraft.com;DiamCraft
75.127.13.138;EpiCraft PvP 
sl.mcsmp.com;MCLand [MCSMP]
mc.charliecraft.com;CharlieCraft
olympiacraft.us.to:25592;Olympiacraft
play.simplycrafted.net;Simply Crafted
mc.st0rm.net;St0rm.net MC Server
176.31.224.16:25588;NoobiCraft
play.pearlmc.net;Pearlmc
108.170.2.130:25569;FallonCraft
blackcraft.us;blackcraftus
vikingcraft.org;Vikingcraft
199.229.251.135;FalcoCraft
TheUnknown.us21.creeperhost.net;TheUnknownServer
72.51.43.74:26465;Consul Inc
66.85.187.61;UujiCraft [Factions]
66.85.168.58:25568;Cubecraft
5.39.49.4;Anarchy-Craft
67.222.150.18;MCpvpCraft
176.31.16.82;Ender Craft Online
199.229.251.135;FALCOCRAFT 24/7
199.15.250.11;Moddern Craft
tekkit.creeperis.lt;Creeperis.lt Tekkit
mc.creeperis.lt;Creeperis.lt
198.12.127.72;weSK HC - Survival/P.v.P
mc.rageserver.net;RageServer
ress.pacificstate.ca;Pacific State
85.131.185.104;BigMinecraftCity
pvp.snowcraft.org.uk;Snowcraft
mc.eternalrealms.net;gustavo
108.174.60.12:25665;SkyforgeSG/PvP
play.craftandquest.com;CraftAndQuest
vikingcraft.org;VikingCraft
mc.AtlasMinecraft.com;AtlasMinecraft
66.85.176.10:25580;PhoinixCraft
178.33.233.11:25566;TooledCraft FACTIONS PVP!
mc.tkumain.co.uk;The Kingdoms United Network
mc.teh3l3m3nts.com;teh3l3m3nts
69.175.46.46;Seventh Sanctum PvP
frostlords.mchost.org;Frost Lords
Mc.Atmony.com;Atmony
198.15.82.20;Faction Fun
96.8.119.242:25772;mcmp7
178.33.238.123:25578;Pyromania
198.12.70.48;MagnesiumCraft
85.236.101.238:26465;Soho-Craft
mc.minersusa.net;Miners USA
199.192.230.87;*** Adventure Craft ***
46.17.40.146:25865;DiamondMC
mc.revtut.net:35559;RevTut
5.9.31.21:25564;EOD Hunger Games
66.85.155.91;KingdomCraft
play.frostcraft.co.uk;Frostcraft
mc.civilcraftserver.com;CivilCraft PvP
69.175.36.45;RiftMiners PvP
198.15.81.98:25590;LineageGaming
mc.clutchcraft.net;ClutchCraft
96.127.180.93;Hidden Sands
mc.lockedcraft.com;lockedCraft
planetm.servegame.com;Planet Mean Machine!
198.12.123.116;StrikeCraft
108.170.38.178;SUPER-Craft
198.12.123.171;â â â ââ°â°â°StarCraftâ°â°â°
minecraft.nl;Minecraft.NL Network
85.236.100.50:26565;crustyVille
37.59.254.170;epiCommunity
minecraftgb.de;GermanysBaugrube
198.12.123.116;StrikeCraft
mc.euphoria-online.com;Euphoria Online
CastleCrafters.net;CastleCrafters
jogar.minecraftserver.com.br;Craft Generation Server
69.175.36.152;VillagerCraft
mcassassins.game.nfoservers.com;MCassassins
198.143.140.38;Forgotten Server
mpaserver.servegame.org;MPA server
Play.Legitplay.net;LegitPlay
85.131.228.21;CubeRPG
s48.csrv.pl:60161;Insane Crafters
72.9.156.55;RPJCraft
play.diamcraft.com;DiamCraft
96.127.142.67;Ctrl+Alt+Delcraft
jcminecraft.net;JCMinecraft Tekkit
203.206.166.219;FpicEail's SMP Server
69.175.45.144;Hall of Honor
mc14.crew.sk:25583;EuroCraft
78.143.4.104;Omegacraft
crashedtek.com;CrashedTeK 
69.175.36.186;Townycraft
Kr-pvp.com;KyuziRaid PvP
play.adroition.com;Do What Ever [FREE OP]
77.111.205.109;EnozyCraft
109.169.12.121;southerncraft
Play.Pandoracraft.org;PandoraCraft
76.185.7.169;Live and Build
moocraft.sytes.net:50500;Moocraft
m.minecross.com;Minecross
5.135.9.115;Quantix
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legands
108.174.48.199:25765;CloudCraft PvP/Survival
mc.emmz.com;Lucky Kingdom
5.39.98.190;InfamousCraft
184.154.103.112;Havoc Realms
46.253.203.248:25665;SpecterCraft
209.236.113.99;KluCraft SG
66.85.142.194:25576;StrangeLand
66.85.148.218:25577;Infinity Craft
184.164.152.121;Spiralcraft
Node4.Minecrafted.net:25613;Misery Craft
76.72.170.244:25615;EpicCraft
mc.aton2.com;cool craft
timberman.de;TDE - Minecraft Server Network
mc.ecocitycraft.com;EcoCityCraft
mc.2randomstudios.info;2RandomStudios
84.30.231.222;Stonecraft
178.33.232.35:25581;TPSCraft
199.229.251.160;ShiftCraft
scrambler.minecraft.ms;Scrambler
play.w00tcraft.com;w00tCRAFT
69.162.126.13;! Assassin's Of Youth !
glowbox.cc;Glowbox.cc MC Server
hiltonws1.sytes.net;HWS Server
aiur.mineocity.com;Aiur
176.31.140.130;TorrenCraft
81.19.208.102:25665;teamimmense
mc.silocraft.com:2002;Silocraft
Play.MCBuffalo.com;MCBuffalo
109.169.12.121;cannabisCRAFT
176.31.239.18:25566;NomCraft
mc.forcegaming.nl;Forcegaming 
85.236.101.12:28065;SandCraft
46.253.203.243:25965;ThePhoenixServer
minecraft.quadtrax.com:25566;DuvallCraft
67.212.180.46;opcraft
mc.shadowcraft2334.com:25575;ShadowCraft2334
elysiumpvp.net;Elysium PVP
mc.legacypvp.com;LegacyPVP
play.flipcoremc.net;FlipCorePvP
MCBuffalo.com;MCBuffalo
jail.deadplayers.es;Jail DeadCraft
juegosdelhambre.deadplayers.es;Hunger Games DeadCraft
minecraft.exoria.org;Exoria
178.33.150.171;Draynorcraft
198.12.125.170;PotensGamingMC
vx3server.com;VX3 server
MinecraftHungerGames.com;MinecraftHungerGames
play.minegaiden.com;Minegaiden IV
216.172.97.29:25765;Savage Craft
178.33.150.188;PlayCraft
176.31.140.130;TorrenTCraft
mc.derpcraft.co.uk;DerpCraft
178.33.150.163;BlueShift
37.59.68.3;PedestrianCraft
142.4.40.24;TheHighLife 
minecraft.victorserver.org;Victor46 Minecraft Server
mc.electrifiedgaming.com;Electrified Gaming
174.138.166.163;SerendipityMCS
66.85.187.25;[Creative, Survival, Hard
192.227.171.133;Fumanchu MC
184.154.41.141;PVP Survival SVinilla
77.111.193.252;RUNESCAPE PKING NEW NEW!!
mc.notoriousdev.com;The Old Server
176.31.234.51:25577;MineKings server
198.12.123.243;Insomnicraft
mc.mingul.co.uk;Mingul
pug.verygames.net;Very Pug
mc.atlaskingdomfactions.com;Atlas Kingdoms Factions
184.154.62.135;therealcraft
play.craftedmcpvp.com:25570;CraftedMCPVP
play.phantomcraft.net;Phantomcraft
198.15.88.220;SparkCraft
108.178.23.243;Legit Craft PVP
85.236.100.145:29765;ninjacraft
runecraft.minecraft.to;RuneCraft [24/7] [NO-LAG]
108.170.25.124;DeathForce [Factions] [Ra
176.31.239.38:25581;Licky Craft
69.65.42.230:28665;AxialEmpires
78.143.13.167;m5buildcraft
www.pdxmc.com;Pdxmc
198.12.123.204;Fight-Craft
minecraft.linearsandbox.com;LinearSandbox
76.74.156.71:27165;WazCraft HardCore PvP!
77.111.247.204;The Only Funky Tekkit
66.85.155.117;Diamond Craft MOB ARENA!!
82.96.119.53:25665;medieval server towny
minecraft.eyeguardian.com;ShadowPvP
108.170.10.162:25568;TikiCraft-Revamped
85.236.100.250:27665;JR -Craft
minecraft.gameolot.info;Star Wars Seige Map | MineWars
67.222.154.164;Pvp legends
184.154.41.132;Portlandia
play.ellitopia.net:25696;Ellitopia
96.9.154.12:25590;KingBombLynx
176.31.212.85;BeastCraft
node4.minecrafted.net:25620;FreeCraft
radoncraft.tk;RadonCraft
27.50.70.13:26065;Derp Craft
mc.desron.net;Desron Gaming [MC / MCMMO
37.59.136.158;Fusion Gaming
mc.grminecraft.org;Grand Rapids Minecraft`
85.236.102.40:30365;[1.3.1] 2ez eSports
mc.omgwtfhax.info;omgwtfhax
skycraftmc.com;Skycraft
184.154.103.218;ColaCraft
209.236.113.92;homiecraft/factions/pvp
scrambler.minecraft.ms;SramblerCraft
216.155.140.78;Diamond Hills 
mc.haxircraft.com;HaxirCraft
server.altummc.co.uk;Altum
betterverse.net;Betterverse
play.tharcraft.com;Tharcraft
Kamocraft.no-ip.org;Kamocraft
m.pulsecraft.org;Pulsecraft
jogar.minecraftfatalgamer.net;Minecraft - Fatal Gamer!
pvp.worldoftnt.us;WorldOfTNT PvP
mc.bebopvox.com;Minecraft Mondays
198.12.70.19;Creeper Craft
27.50.70.13:26065;DerpCraft
wickyserver.com;Wicky Server
176.31.153.24;RoyalCraft
72.249.124.179:26265;Sevcraft
37.59.215.97:25589;ZeldaCraft
78.129.230.94;Rebelzone
SGU.G.akliz.net;Star Gamers United
mc.the-10th-planet.com;The-10th-Planet
super-earth.net;Super Earth
198.143.159.220;Mosaic Republic
crack.pynthax.se;Pyncraft-CrackPack
184.154.206.170;c1mans-world
119.252.191.168;GloCraft
94.23.154.74;CrumpetCraft
larvikgaming.net;LarvikGaming 24/7 NOR
93.186.204.181;Libton-Craft
cityofzion.cityofzion.minefold.com;CityOfZion's Server :D
bgn1.no-ip.org;Baigle Gaming Dedicated
184.171.170.122;Empire PVP
77.111.206.64;NobleCraft
mc.phesarius.com;Phesarius MULTISERVER
198.12.126.83;TalesofMinecraftia
37.59.210.133;Empirecraft
67.222.154.190;DoWhateverTheHeckYouWant
mc.mu;Mineguild
178.239.170.69:25576;MonsterCraft [PVP] 
85.236.109.212:25665;Minecraft Survival Advent
mc.empirecreeper.com:25566;EmpireCreeper
75.102.46.25:25665;Tri-Kingdoms
ODACraft.net;ODACraft Special Forces
198.144.182.163;Badass Craft
spendlitecoins.com;Litecoin Minecraft
GameTeam.cz:25564;GameTeam.cz EconomyLand
mc.ausplaygaming.com.au;Ausplay Gaming
mc.unrealpvp.com;UnrealPVP
mc.blockodyssey.com;Blockodyssey
88.198.133.222:25605;FreedomCraft
pandacraft.provisionhost.com;Pandacraft
pvp.swagyolocraft.net;Jack's Original PvP
142.4.40.21;OcDerpCraft
69.175.17.48;GlowCraft
198.154.109.117;Final Heaven
ragglefraggle.zapto.org;Raggle Fraggle
nwservers.net;New World Servers
37.59.137.205;ChrisCraft
199.241.185.43:25621;RexCraft
play.ethocraft.com;EthoCraft
66.85.187.38;Legerity
elysium.mine.nu;Elysium Minecraft Server
188.138.89.118:25698;Best Friends Server
128.65.215.243;AffenHaufen
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
85.236.100.111:30765;Sky City
mc.tntfactions.com;TNT Factions
176.31.239.38:25576;ScapeCraft
mc08.serverminer.com:25572;Quest Craft Factions PVP
108.178.21.132;A Awsome Minecraft Server
98.237.150.79;MCDungeon
bobworld.mooo.com;Bobworld
96.8.116.56;AnonymousPvP
terralunamc.us:26133;TerraLuna
megacraft.at;Megacraft
siagne.net;siagne.net [France]
23.235.224.2:25642;DarkAge
184.154.108.100;Apocalypse PvP
glowpvp.org;GlowPVP
mc.zedwork.co.uk;Zedwork Zurvival
176.31.212.70;EXTREMECRAFT!
pvp.complex-gaming.com;[1.4.6] Complex-Gaming
83.83.29.45:25566;Evolve Craft
184.154.92.17;CubeCraft
178.33.236.163:25571;uCraft
84.209.19.241;Civilization
208.115.228.20;CraftingAussies
server.mcglassdragon.com;GlassDragon
mc.tregmine.info;Tregmine
pvp.omgwtfhax.info;OMGWTFHAX PvP!
play.mc-sg.org;mc-sg
PVP.mininginparadise.com;mining in pardise
176.31.214.208;Zomb-e
poltergeist.dyndns-server.com;Poltergeist MC Server
72.51.46.156:29265;Enigma Craft
projectcookie.game.nfoservers.com;Cookie Project
85.236.101.12:30665;Over 18's Tekkit
209.236.122.142;Unity Servers
206.217.129.120:25765;HuggerCraft
46.105.230.229;MineVision Sever
108.170.61.28;Malicious PVP
209.236.124.226;Spechtcraft
108.60.192.37:25825;TurkeyCraft
184.95.39.154;Miner's Paradise
endz.endercraftbuild.net;eCB
67.212.180.50;StormCraft Chaos
198.50.141.64;FOG FTB Infinity 
216.144.250.163;24/7 Hunger Games Server
L2D.muttsworldmine.com;Left 2 Die
surfacemc.com;SurfaceCraft
factions.org;0tx.org
198.49.65.18;Beastmcservers
pve.sheen.id.au;Mikeland PvE
174.138.165.185;Pains Anarchy
8.6.76.38:25575;OriginZero.net
108.170.25.109;Hardcore PVPrealms
Play.RevelationCraft.com;RevelationCraft
play.zeroyear.net;Zeroyear
mc.legacyminecraft.net:27465;Legacy
198.12.125.201;Fynecraft
184.154.103.202;Legacy-PVP
tpto.me;Minecraft-Bros
85.236.102.65:26865;Dojo OP kitpvp
play.citywars.ca;Citywars Minecraft
mp5k78.mp5k78.minefold.com;mp5k78
mc.team-epiphany.com;Team-Epiphany PVP
server.designbox.com.au;DesignBox
216.244.86.119;Craft4Lols
klockenstein.se:25570;Klock-N-Kraft Creative
67.222.157.182;White Skull Server
188.165.158.183;NordiCraft
75.127.11.166;Keira Craft
unitedpixel.nitrado.net;UnitedPixel [GERMAN]
play.Wrathpvp.com;WrathPvP
198.12.64.228;ElemetalGods
rodnet.servebeer.com;rodnets server
142.4.55.189;Venture Jail
208.115.219.170;FrostCraft
199.241.185.43:25621;ClayCraft
bravenetwork.no-ip.org;BraveNetwork
mc.bierzentrale.eu;~~~ BierZentrale.eu ~~~
108.163.219.139;Pvpmode
play.terrismc.info;Terris Builds - Extaris
minecrafthungergames.com;Minecraft Hunger Games
76.216.128.77;Hunger Games
184.171.170.92;NovoCraft
69.46.74.81;Exodus Pvp
truecraft.megladonjaws.minefold.com;truecraft
ftb.buildception.com:23565;BuildCeption FTB Unleashe
108.60.192.35:25945;HunterCraft
onemoreblock.eu;OneMoreBlock
188.122.90.155;Playfordutch
mc.spitfyre.net;Spitfyre
join.mcskyserver.com;Minecraft Raiding Tnt
ravens-rising.net:25567;â Ravens-Rising Hungergam
69.46.74.50;Cowcraft
paradoxcraft.no-ip.net;ParadoxCraft
108.163.212.14;lynxcraft
awesomeness.belly_baby12.minefold.com;Free Build!
184.154.108.113;MinecraftCondemed
174.4.147.13;Viperworld  2.0
play.thisweekinminecraft.com;This Week In Minecraft
142.4.59.16;HDcraft
KPvP.insanitycraft.org;Knowledge PvP
mc.craftmine.co;â[ CraftMine 1.5.2 ]â[ip:
mc.spartanmc.net;spartan mc
67.222.154.164;PVPLEGENDS
crustycraft.com;CrustyCraft
198.12.69.153;**ArmyCraft**
199.188.101.116;EpiDemicCraft Raid 24/7
celsian.zapto.org;Bureaucracy's PVP Server
untamedears.com;Civcraft
mc.rivercraft.net;rivercraft
107.6.189.69;Iceymon Pixelmon Server
78.143.3.247;TinyPvP [PvP]
minecraftwall.no-ip.org;TekkitWall
69.46.74.50;COW CRAFT
69.46.74.50;CHICKEN CRAFT
69.46.74.50;BABA CRAFT
mc.vidhucraft.co.uk;VidhuCraft
184.154.108.112;-=RaidCraft=-
pvp.insanitycraft.org;InsanityCraft
mc.anarchy.beastnode.net;Anarchy
176.31.16.70;Ninja Star PVP
184.171.251.167;Amazing Craft 1.3.2
www.viperlance.net:25567;viperlance survival serve
5.135.109.147;WolfCraft Faction Server 
108.163.219.131;GHOSTCRAFT
69.46.74.113;DARKCRAFT
184.154.186.37;BlackDaimond [24/7]
game.minerealm.com;Minerealm
199.188.101.48;Galdiator Craft
mc.megaminecraft.net;Creative and Towny
vikingcraft.us.to;Viking Craft
mc.hiberniagaming.net;Hibernia
178.63.66.74;2121j's server ip is fake
95.64.36.2;MC SERVERS
89.98.102.196;ExtremeHope
85.131.155.243;VladiCraft
drogna.mine.nu;Drogna
67.222.156.62;MonsterPrison
midpvp.us;us Craft 
funcraft.servegame.org;FunCraft2
Abandonedcraft.servegame.com;ABANDONED CRAFT
play.torinet.eu;Torinet
199.26.86.142;UltraCraft
184.164.145.19;Zach's Zombie Apocalypse!
188.165.158.180;RegularCraft!
mc.rubix-gaming.com:25579;Rubix-Gaming
79.160.191.163;PvpCraft
81.19.211.186;BitCraft SMP!
67.212.180.46;freeoprealipinDescription
198.12.127.107;RAWRINCRAFT
173.236.85.116;BananaCraft
play.worldofbros.com;World of Bros
184.154.143.134;Chiaroscuro
108.170.8.146:33830;Crafting Reality - 24/7 -
play.blazewars.com;BlazeWars [Factions]
minecraft.mindslice.net;Mindslice
108.170.12.178:25568;HardCoreCraft
173.236.85.105;Command pvp
mc.limitland.us;LimitLand
85.236.109.213:27365;Sahra-Craft
176.31.238.152:25575;cows server
85.236.100.2:26765;TekkitServerUK
67.222.154.164;PVPLEGENDS!!!
199.188.101.116;EpiDemicCraft 24/7
98.237.150.79;MCDungeon
184.164.152.171;AquA PvP | Need STAFF | N
67.222.154.164;Cvf
game.moncraft.net;record and george co
96.8.119.169;PVPRages!
75.127.13.107;G[B]H Dedicated Server
199.229.251.202;AllCreepersUnite
176.31.145.52;===:::Zak's Server:::===
play.blazewars.com;play.blazewars.com
198.12.122.88;BelieveCraft HardCore PvP
96.8.119.190;PvpRage
Node3.Minecrafted.net:25583;Lost Nation
game.diablocraft.net;DiabloCraft
66.225.231.138:25865;Mc-PVP-Elite semi-vanilla
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends!
mc.destinycraft.org;DestinyCraft
drugcartel.kaigaming.com;Drug Cartel
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends!
smp.dyscraftmc.com;DysCraft
5.135.55.75;Fall-craft
towny.badscape.net;Badscape 
mc.bulletphase.com;Bullet Phase's Server
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends!
199.188.101.80;PiedmontMC
pixelmc.net;Pixelcraft FREE OP SERVER
184.171.251.172;UniqueFactions
93.186.204.146;CreepThis
85.236.100.202:32565;Blockforge
85.236.100.219:27065;KazaGaming
baconcraft.provisionhost.com;BaconCraft Factions Shops
play.rushcraft.co.uk;RushCraft RPG Survival 
76.74.195.228;Baconcraft
5.39.49.14;DaBoss Server
blazecraft.eu;poisikesed324
blazecraft.eu;Ã¼lane581
199.188.101.80;Pidmont!
69.175.24.70;Roflcraft 2
69.175.65.217;McStaticScape
66.85.187.58;JagsCraft PVP
Ironspire.net;IronSpire
Purepvp.org;PurePvP
Konigroke.com;Konigroke.com
wma.im;Worldwide MC Alliance
198.12.126.70;|| MondulaCraft || 24/7
telemachusminecraft.org;Telemachus Minecraft
mc.kohila.eu;Kohila.eu PvP Anarchy
184.154.186.38;ExtremeCraft
69.175.65.164;MG Survival
208.167.228.164;PrisonBreak
mc.buildorsurvive.co.uk;Build or Survive
PvP.Wc-Mc.Com;WreckedCrusade PvP|Grief|Raid|Minigames
69.180.61.150;CrazyCraft
voxturia.nitroserv.eu;Voxturia [24/7][Towny]
75.127.11.174;AwesomeWarsPVP
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends!
46.105.237.99;LexxarCraft
kheprigames.no-ip.biz;KhepriGames
play.aminecraft.com;Aminecraft
109.169.12.158;CREEPERVILLE - PVP - 24/7
s.pitforge.com;Pitforge Survival
75.127.13.226:25574;CoreCraft
162.221.193.102;Warcraft XGen
198.154.109.116;EpiCraft
minecraft.infectedminds.com;.Hack//Sign -Xray Allowed
67.222.154.164;PVP legends!
108.170.9.185;Endcraft
178.33.237.216:25578;Craft Of Chivalry
mc.deathcraft.net;Deathcraft
ourmcserver.dyndns.org;Our Minecraft Server
27.50.70.13:27465;Awesome Craft!
funcraft.protedster.minefold.com;FunCraft
squidservers.mcserver.ws;SquidServers
178.33.186.52;AfriCraft
tekkit.olimpushd.ro;OlimpusHD
87.98.195.80:25640;Joselandia 24/7 sin lagg
noxgeo.dyndns.org;Public Server
mc.mcrespawn.lt;McRespawn.com + Car Mod!!
67.222.154.164;67.222.154.164 !!PVPLEGEN
mc.diamonddominion.net;Diamond Dominion
SN.GSNetwork.net;GameScape
xeddcraft.info;XEDDCRAFT
bryn1990.com;Albia Craft
www.libertyordeathserver.com;Liberty or Death Server
69.46.74.81;Craft pvp
108.178.21.29;Sketchmine!
play.coalcraft.net;CoalCraft
216.245.206.82;Medieval Craft
mc.graalians.com;Graalians Minecraft
198.12.121.246;ChewieCraft
tigstercraft.playmc.co;Tigstercraft
69.175.27.167;Valiant Gaming
198.12.123.68;GreenAlloy
play.snapcraft.net;Snapcraft
197.80.200.22;[MWEB] gMz Minecraft
85.236.101.90:27065;PVPWaseland
176.31.66.148;FusionCraft
5.9.10.194:25555;S & E Craft
94.23.1.6:25597;ManicCraft!
85.236.102.10:27565;zicraft
198.144.179.234;McZeao || play.mczeao.com
193.138.125.75:25571;Backcraft
67.222.154.164;Pvp Legends
allpurposepvp.zapto.org;AllPurposePvP
178.33.227.234:25574;MXsurvival
108.174.59.138;SnowCraft
209.236.126.161;nitro craft
184.95.36.26:25573;SphaxCraft Server
199.26.86.185;Beastcraft
vanillaville.net;VanillaVille
188.165.213.155:25580;ClashCraft PVP
27.254.65.89;MC-ZONEPLUS
37.59.215.101;Resort Islands of Misfit
74.209.179.35:25665;Mill craft
74.209.179.35:25665;MILL CRAFT
198.144.182.150;METH CRAFT
88.198.31.34:25580;[cool_game] Hunger games 
184.170.243.122;ForgetPvP |Factions| 24/7
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends
mc.XereoCraft.com;XereoCraft
69.46.74.81;Craft PvP
108.61.28.38;HomieCraft
72.9.156.19;Smeltedraids
108.174.59.49;BukkitGames
w1.lcga.me;minecraft the Walls
75.127.11.182;PVP Craft
198.12.123.44;TemporalCraft
build.soughtcraft.com;SoughtCraft
Limegaming.com;Limegaming
minecraft.utternerd.org;UtterNERD
play.savageprison.net;Savage Prison
mc.cedarcraft.org;CedarCraft
mofukka.com;Land of MoFuKKa
85.131.248.108;SpaceCraft
5.135.55.66;UnbreakableCraft
75.102.46.71:25765;( - NEW - ) MC Server
dz-mc.com;Derez Network
kfpmc.org;Kfperin's SMP Server
mc.duhrpcraft.com;Duhrpcraft
mc05.serverminer.com;ThackCraft
69.175.45.181;PvePvpSurvival
pvp.fusionrush-mc.com;FusionRush
69.175.65.217;MC Static Craft
85.236.102.4:25765;Utopia
69.175.40.93;WatchCraft
mc.pepsicraft.net;Pepsicraft
37.187.27.144:25589;WorldMineSP
play.minecraftzocker.net;MinecraftZocker
5.9.108.18;iJaacKxTekkit
mc.goldencreeper.com;Goldencreeper
142.4.58.184;The Land Of Gallay
mc-lc.com;mc-lc.com
142.4.59.18;Mc.NFPvP.com
66.85.129.130:25572;Zen CraftP PvP
209.236.122.157;Platinum Gaming
ipwnage.com;iPwnAge
pvp.redskyunited.com;RedSkyCraft(1.3.2)
75.127.13.201;TerraCraft|24/7|RPG
198.154.105.241;ICECRAFT
8.6.15.29;arfcraft
hg.craftrealms.com;New Server
173.15.60.243;MythicCrafters 
minecraftsmp.org;MinecraftSMP
85.236.101.26:26665;sConCraft
pvp.muttsworldmine.com;muttsworldmine
69.46.74.51;anyserver 24/7!
198.15.97.188;TaoCraft
198.12.126.18;CheesyCraft
terramining.zapto.org:53565;CraftBukkit
72.249.124.184:25665;EnderCraft
198.15.97.188;TaoCraft
75.127.5.232;CloudCraft PvP Faction
mc.pr3datorcraft.com;Pr3datorCraft
199.188.100.211:25665;Valley Of Legends
85.236.101.7:27065;Munchville survival
198.15.111.5; Arch-Gaming
play.reawakens.net;TheReawakens
69.242.39.62;DiamondCove
85.236.100.180:26365;TeraByte
108.171.214.236;Survival Mode Engage
109.70.149.209:25965;Land of Troja
188.165.216.9:25579;GenCraft
76.216.128.77;The Hunger Games Server
aerthserver.net;Aerth Minecraft Server
67.222.154.164;PvP Legends!!
75.127.11.12;Endcraft-Beta
198.15.97.188;TaoCraft Faction Survival
omegapvp.a2g.gs;Omega-PVP
173.243.118.220;CraftersNation PVP
37.59.252.62;Indiland
mcskypig.com;MCSkyPig
66.85.149.20;Astarael SMP
199.188.103.221;CombattCraft
69.64.38.158;Cityville Minecraft
209.105.236.232;aristocracy
mc.prestigecraft.net;PrestigeCraft
69.175.116.140;Piggy's Server
kit.butchercraft.com;Butchercraft
198.12.125.181;ExodusCraft
craftundsaft.minecraft.to;Crkd CRAFT UND SAFT 1.4.2
46.228.206.2;German Gamers Community
yasmp.pwn9.com;Pwn9 YASMP
209.15.226.203:27365;LegitGaming
play.mc-lof.com;LOF Network
68.39.153.157;Faction Craft
184.154.185.243;Western Craft
69.175.24.77;McLegends
mc.mineygames.net;MineyGames
DarkenedRealms.net;Darkened Realms
142.4.62.51;Albion Kingdoms
184.164.152.122;Eldercraft
a.mczombieescape.com;Zombie Escape by Tenetri
sc22.servercraft.co:7666;TerraNova
trialminepvp.org;trialmine
mc1.arcator.co.uk;Arcator MC1
mc.ramserver.org:25865;RamServer
198.12.66.132;Vengance pvp
108.171.214.254;Chicken-Craft
85.236.109.31:26965;Scarlet Rain
27.50.70.11:25665;ConvoCraft
1012000.mooo.com;Mijacleft Server
Node10.Minecrafted.net:25580;The Ruins
mc.navy-craft.beastnode.net;NavyCraft
dragonzor.servebeer.com;Cardboard Children SMP
108.174.60.103:25665;KimCraft
terramining.zapto.org:53565;Terraming [Factions]
rhocraft.net;Rhocraft
209.148.93.32:25627;DucksCraft V4
server1.foreverdefeat.com.mx;Forever Defeat
75.127.11.62;SpaceboundPvp
minecrafthjo.zapto.org;Minecrafthjo  SVENSK 
terramining.zapto.org:53565;Terramining
mc.desiredcraft.net;Eternal Realms
69.175.124.86;Sub City Craft
74.63.213.52;YourCraft
minecraftsverige.zapto.org:53565;Terramining II
simpvp.net;simpvp.net
198.12.123.133;Diamond Craft
108.60.193.105:25845;SlimedCraft
50.31.23.70;SaigeCraft
209.105.236.247;Tekkit/Towny Server
play.mc-sc.net;StrikeCraft
63.141.236.43;Insane Crave
5.9.108.18:25581;QuantumCraft-PvP
85.131.146.49;Adamas MCs Survival
85.236.101.7:27065;Munchville Survival PVP
s3.hosthorde.com:25598;Celestial
mc.celestialisles.net;Celestial Isles
server.champville.org;ChampVille
50.31.24.111:25585;The Realms of Timberville
vanilla.mc-icraft.net;iCraft Minecraft Server
inflicted.org;Inflicted MC Server
minecraft.fatdog.eu;FatDog Minecraft
starwarscraft.com;Star Wars Craft
bamcraft.de;BAMcraft
mewsplace.org;Mews Place
arcturus.mine.bz;Arc2
50.31.24.208;FBS 3.0
play.medievalpvp.net;MedievalPvP
mc.geekyservers.net;GeekyServers.Net
198.12.123.68;alloycraft
smp.unicornbloodgames.com;UBG SMP
zombie.unicornbloodgames.com;UBG Zombie Survival
103.23.148.116:25569;J_selbys Diamond Ore Craf
176.31.223.114;Wi3Scarl Modded Server
choodlecraft.tekkithost.com;CHOODLECRAFT
mc.mingul.co.uk;Mingul
LightCraftMC.com;LightCraft: Survival
198.49.65.88;EverwildCraft
play.epicminecrafter.com;Epic Minecrafter
199.229.251.57;Adventurecraft
neutralgaming.mcph.co:25693;NeutralGaming
184.154.181.177;Fresh Server
orion.uk.to;Orion
91.121.255.227;BJB
91.121.255.227;BJB Server
mc.solusgaming.net;Australian Hardcore PvP
216.144.251.106;Tales of Conquest
server.deepsea-mc.com;DeepSea Realms
Gavg-tekkit.bytecraft.se;GavG Tekkit lite - Swe
play.beastcraft.co.za;BEASTCRAFT-ZA
tekkit.creatorcraft.org;CreatorCraftTekkit
184.154.185.243;VirtualCraft
play.icrafted.nl;iCrafted
198.12.123.101;Flexcraft [1.4.2]
myluciddreams.com;Lucid Dreams
66.85.187.58;ThanatosCraft
198.144.181.116;ShatterCraft
TheMin.es;The Mines PvP/SMP
vengeancecraft.com;Vengeance Craft 
83.248.186.192;Zombie Nation
KR-PvP.com;KR PvP
66.7.211.226:25601;InfinityCraft [1.4.2]
play.beardmc.com;BeardMc
Node11.Minecrafted.net:25568;1.4.2 - SmiteCraft 
199.188.101.26;Project PVP
85.236.102.21:27765;MineCraft 
198.15.111.4;NoahsCraft
176.31.76.173;PsychoZz PVP
CUBX.FR;CubX
play.powereclipse.com;Powereclipse
fearpvp.net;Fear Pvp
play.freecraftserver.com;[24/7][1.6] FreeCraft
mc-be.com;Block Empires
mc.meancraft.org;MeanCraft
mc.oreminecraft.net;OreCraft
play.corruptedmc.net;CorruptedMC
mc.flip.lv;FLIP MineCraft 1.4.2
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft
mc.swclan.org;SWGaming
Play.eldertek.info;Eldertek | Tekkit | 24/7 
184.164.140.202:49225;AZKABAN PRISON
bestmcpvp.com;BESTMCPVP.COM
99.52.180.235;SpiderCraft
mcelitepvp.mccraft.us:25623;McElitePvP
pvp.mininginparadise.com;Miners Pardise
74.209.179.35:25665;Mill Craft
TraderCraft.nn.pe:25586;TraderCraft
176.31.224.16:25573;[1.4.2]TheLastSpark 24/7
27.50.71.199;NRC Minecraft Server
mc.farfaraway.cc:12012;Far Far Away
sheephaven.net;Sheep Haven
69.175.52.14;100MCcraft
178.32.55.73;Aggression PvP
mc.speedturtle123.com:25575;SpeedTurtleCraft
jellicraft.no-ip.org;JelliCraft
162.244.165.131:25720;MCraftCourse
play.mc-ss.net;Sundered Society
37.59.254.165;Phat City Craft
hub.dwarfscraft.com;Dwarfs Vs Zombies
war-city.net;war-city
82.96.119.94:25665;Elemental-Gaming 24/7
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;awesome sauce
build.slimecraft.eu;Slimecraft
209.236.113.92;smp.newbuilddude.com
ChainCraft.org;ChainCraft
mc.solicore.us:25645;SoliCore Survival
198.154.102.137;OxyCraft
play.riskmc.net;RiskMC
pvp.pitforge.com;Pitforge PVP
69.175.28.251;TreeHouseMC3 100% Vanilla
mc.tagamers.org;TAGamers.org - Vanilla
184.154.222.11;DKcraft
play.shed34.com;Shed34
208.115.208.76:25566;Realmz of Delusion
ken.ignorelist.com;Kens Creative Roleplaying Server
46.105.114.202:25587;VertusCraft
94.23.211.77:25583;Staddcraft!
mc04.serverminer.com;ElderCraftRPG
mc.severepvp.net;Severe PvP
dudgames.serverminer.com:25566;Dud Games Server
198.49.66.82;RaidCraft Faction,PvP
46.253.192.131:25765;Feathercraft
mc.dga.lv:11301;DGA.LV | #13-1 Factions
Lethalpenitentiary.com;Lethalpenitentiary
play.depthsonline.com;Depths Online
Mc.tregmine.info;Tregmine
hrhrhrhr.twgg.org;hrä¼ºæå¨
198.12.66.92;ElectroCraft
Hub.StarGateMV.com;The StarGate Multiverse
s.paulcraft.de;Paulcraft
Survivalcraft1.hopto.org;SurvivalCraft
69.175.36.166;Epic Build Craft
emeraldcraft.tall.nu;Emerald Craft
108.166.172.75;Slebus powerful server
Node11.Minecrafted.Net:25574;BinyGaming
209.15.226.203:26065;TaintedCraft
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;PVP/RAIDCRAFT
173.236.123.215;brotherhoodcraftz
173.224.112.188:27265;World-Of-Kingdoms
91.121.5.27:25581;Merch Bukkit
play.menoxia.com;Menoxia
69.175.9.8;Desolate Sands
play.nateandsie.com;Nate and Sie
craftsylvania.g.nfoservers.com;Craftsylvania
mc.playercraft.net;Player Craft 
198.144.179.233;NivaCraft
207.210.239.68:25665;DarkerCraft
Mc.RadianceCraft.Com;RadianceCraft
188.165.158.177;MinecraftGalore!
mc.hc-craft.com;HC-craft
192.111.142.169;MFC Direwolf20 server
77.111.201.46;MindForgeCraft
mcadventurecraft.no-ip.org;AdventureCraft
lethalpenitentiary.com;Lethal Penitentiary Â®
Shankd.Hybriddrones.net;SHANK'D! Prison!
chicken-craft.servegame.com;Apocalyptic Chickens
cryptcraft.com;CryptCraft
server.mctoybox.com;McToyBox
server.smilekrub.net;Sykpe-MC
128.65.223.250;BigFreebuild
pvp.gontroller.com;Gontroller PvP
91.109.14.184:25567;Great Minecraftia Surviva
ag1.playeoe.com;Minecraft Archer Games
ironminecraft.com;IronMinecraft
mc.cowpi-gaming.com;Cowpi Gaming [1.4.2]
winthier.com:4000;Winnilla
67.212.180.60;Jjboy8 craft
198.15.115.66;DynastyCraft
minecraftsverige.zapto.org:53565;Terramining 
198.12.123.117;lightstone craft
24.131.223.61;Best Craft
skypvp.info;SkyPvP  Hub
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
184.154.181.188;Forsaken Craft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
play.aggressionpvp.com;Aggression PvP
76.20.152.177;The Realms of Asgard
mc.fallofkings.com;Fall of Kings
mc.minershaven.net;Miners' Haven
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft
91.121.80.44:25568;D|A' Gaming Tekkit Server
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
terramining.zapto.org:53565;terramining
play.infiniteapples.com;Infinite Apples
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;JoltCraft
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
mc.flipsidetech.com;Flipside Tech
208.115.117.86:25613;MystiCraft
198.144.179.35;Eternity Factions
69.175.24.90; NovaCraft
mc.creepersgoboom.com;CreepersGoBoom!
palecraft.com;PaleCraft
198.15.116.98:25928;NitroCraft
184.95.39.162;Creative Crawlers
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
69.175.124.102;69.175.124.102
67.172.181.72;uhhcraft
mcskyblock.com;skyblock
mineandfun.duckdns.org;Mineandfun
81.232.100.86;The Great Home
mc.loompimc.co.uk:26065;LoompiMC
85.236.101.15:30865;MCraftGaming
gizmic.no-ip.org;gizmic
mc.spartanmc.net;sparta mc
f3.mc-hg.com;d
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
198.144.181.116;ShatterCraft
SRaids.net;SkilledPvP
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
188.122.90.141;Infinity-PvP
184.154.185.248;E=MC2
mc.hardstyle.lv;mc.hardstyle.lv
198.15.81.98:25567;Fluffcraft
69.160.45.50;BlackHawkPVP
WWS.sbnsor.com;World War Survival
arcwebsites.com:25566;Kitty Cannon Craft
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
play.ore-realms.com;Ore Realms
WorldWarSurvival.sbnsor.com;World War Survival
pvp.blazeamp.com;BlazeAmp
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
mc.resurrectionpvp.com;ResurrectionPvP
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
37.157.251.54;Creativelife
176.31.212.77;BeastlyPvP Faction PvP
FACTIONS.SC;ShadyCraft
72.9.152.182;Mindcraft Factions
75.127.13.163;MinecraftBKA
68.55.76.181;baneyserver
50.56.64.187;Ponycraft! 
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
64.34.208.26:29565;McNinjaWorld
ccfactions.dvpsmc.net;Cupcake Craft
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
pvp.nombiecraft.com;NombieCraft Factions
198.154.105.246;XiferWars PvP
108.170.51.26;AshCraft
198.144.183.115:25765;Molten-PVP
tangrulan.mcserver.ws;Legends of Tan'Grulan
91.121.223.86:25689;Nostalgia Realm  just for nostalgia
twistedrainbow.us.to;â¢â¦Twisted Rainbow Craftâ¦â¢
173.208.222.174;EncryptedPvP [PvP][Raid]
pixelmc.net;pixelCraft
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
pvp.mcprotocol.com;Protocol
play.dubcraft.org;DubCraft
yocraft.minecraftserver.net;YoCraft
74.91.114.167;Babylon.
176.31.6.19;Ultimate PVP Factions
medernach.homeip.net;Evil Op
play.goldencraft.co;GoldenCraft
69.46.74.186;xSkyBlockx Best SkyBlock
play.xilespvp.com;XilesPvP
bangl.de;BangL.de
us1.mchg.eu;Hunger Games
64.79.109.231;Cliffside PVP
173.15.60.242;EXETREME PVP 
184.154.16.250:56118;ZelskiCraft
beast.pwnz.org;Feed the Beast Unleashed
176.9.113.74;Pixel-Hunter.com
waffleminecraft.com;mcxslayer
CCMMO.net;Creepercraft Cloud
83.252.107.80;EliteMasters-FTB Ultimate
mc.wuwwserver.net;WuwwServer
play.efcraft.net;efCraft
184.154.98.167;Gypsycraft PVP
69.175.40.86;Hw Craft
Node4.Minecrafted.net:25624;NewKraft GRIEF SERVER
PrimeCraft.ca;PrimeCraft
mc.gamerzaddiction.net;GamerzAddiction
mc-sxc.com;ShadowXCraft
mc.pilotdan1985.com;Pilotdan1985
176.9.76.167:25566;NightNursery
76.72.166.140:25595;Plasmcraft
69.175.52.21;Black-K
206.217.129.221:25665;RespawnServers
199.26.86.180;PotatoTekkit
play.goliath-mc.co.uk:25665;Goliath All-In-One
184.154.211.84;Lionheart Skyblock
play.vindicraft.com;Vindicraft PVP Adventure
99.198.120.82;EmpirePvP Ranks|Raiding
blockzcraft.com;BlockzCraft
nerubian.es;Gamecraft
mc.sidyanarchy.org;Sidys Anarchy
mcskyblock.com;mc skyblock
142.4.62.168;Havoc Realms
synergy.lmzsrvr.com;Clans PVP
184.154.222.11;DKraft
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;PVP/RAIDCRAFT
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;PVP/RAIDCRAFT
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;PVP/RAIDCRAFT
198.15.78.235;WatermelonCraft
vcpvp.com;Viking Craft
mc.hardstyle.lv;hardstyle
69.175.80.232;DiamondsCraft
173.236.37.19;McPvP
logon.shatterednations.com;Shattered Nations
ag1.playeoe.com;Archer Games
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
myminescape.com;Minescape
198.12.121.251;BattleFistPvP
mc.sword-craft.com;SwordCraft
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam
RPG.worldcraft24.pl;RPG WorldCraft24
LizardLand.us.to;LizardLand
5.39.13.193;CombatFactions
84.209.19.241;RageFox
mc.300m.com;ombiezcraft
mc.gamingpavilion.co.uk;Gaming Pavilion
69.175.45.144;Dream Craft
devillecraft.mcserver.ws;[DevilleCraft] 1.4.4
GamesCraft.minecraft.to;GamesCraft
brotherhoodserver.de;BrotherHoodServer
logon-server.de;Logon-server.de
server.kadabracraft.com;Kadabracraft
mc.cowpi-gaming.com;Cowpi-Gaming
yuzuki.old-home.net;minecraft temple
69.175.24.90;NovaCraft [PvP] [Factions
37.59.52.166:27030;McOrigin
69.175.57.75;Raid Nation
mc.novylen.net;mc.novylen.net
84.200.206.199:25765;Epicbuildcraft
survival.sheen.id.au;Mikeland Survival
terra.easytouch.com;Easytouch Terra
adventurecraft.sytes.net;AdventureCraft
a1.mcctf.com;A1
72.224.198.79;RhynCraft
185.9.107.63;McLifeCraft
amandareyes.com;Hunger Games
69.27.127.232;EmberCraft || Creative ||
75.127.13.236;Tacocraft[Factions,MCMMO]
184.164.145.21;VALYRIA PRISON
184.154.223.60;ChrisCraft Creative
mc.goldrealms.net;Goldrealms - Massive PvP Factions Action
play.sweepingmc.com;Island World Skyblock
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;Awesome-sauce.no-ip.org
citywars.ca;Pascal2222
66.85.176.10:25575;Toolcraft
beastminer.com;Beast Miner
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;Awesome-sauce
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;Awesome-sauce
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;Awesome-sauce
awesome-sauce.no-ip.org;Awesome-sauce
173.236.85.232;VanderKraft
199.188.101.77;Le_Dogcraft
blockaholics.org;Blockaholics
199.188.102.211:26065;The Gaming Grunts
skyblock.no-ip.org;skyblock survival
skyblock.craftgasm.net;skyblock survival
PvP.InsanityCraft.org;InsanityCraft [Factions]
sst.minecustoms.com;Trouble in Minetown
198.12.66.132;Vengeancepvp
Play.ITzCraft.com;ITzCraft
46.105.151.110;FunCraft
69.175.55.135;PotatoCraftPvP
198.15.97.26;A Hardcore PvP
play.conspirators.us;The Conspirators
elitecraft.a2g.gs;ElitePvP
184.171.251.182;MLG.mc
Play.ITzCraft.com;ITzCraft
108.178.35.251;ripswag
fishycraft.net;FishyCraft
play.qccraft.com;QcCraft
Play.OnlineMinecraft.com;OnlineMinecraft
84.234.128.65;84.234.128.65
184.154.143.157;Ashvale RPG
178.33.238.123:25578;SaberCraft-RPG
montypvp.com;MontyPvP
bonzocraft.beastnode.net;BonzoCraft
77.111.241.37;MinecraftManiacos.com
198.15.97.26;killerpvpers
mc.jaggs.net;Jaggs.net
khione.servegame.com;Khione
mc12.crew.sk:25571;CraftingPlay-Classic
chicken-craft.servegame.com;chicken craft
75.127.11.103;InstAcraft
play.mine-otaku.com;Mine Otaku
37.59.215.109;Vortex Craft
play.mcgroove.net;McGroove Unlimited
108.178.32.164;GayCraft
mc.crossedshadows.com;CrossedShadows
184.95.40.226;SlackerCraft
spieler-stammtisch.de;Spieler Stammtisch
mc.dhgermanletsplaytv.de;DHGermanLetsPlayTv
mc-butter.com;BUTTER PARKOUR
108.174.59.132;ShmikeCraft
77.111.203.180;minespeed
mc.mp-pvp.gameserv.co;Miners-Paradise
electricalpvp.a2g.gs;ElectricalPvP
connorcpu.net;Connors MineCraft Server 
node13.minecrafted.net:25585;Bloopcraft
Node13.Minecrafted.net:25585;Bloopcraft!
jefvel.net;Jefvel's server
weimcraft.com;[1.6.2] WeimCraft Addict
Mc-DragonCraft.com;DragonCraft Skyblock  Faction  PvP
66.85.129.130:25569;Griffin's Anarchy
goldenapplepvp.nitroserv.eu;GoldenApplepvp
108.163.239.10;CreeperCraft
152.111.192.245:28265;Realm of Ildor
209.236.121.34;EmeraldCraft
login-mcraftia.com;Lichcraft Creative
198.144.185.119;-InSaneHypo-
mc-lc.com;LegendaryCraft.com
game.moncraft.net;moncraft
71.228.215.195;Icarus
142.177.223.176;CrazyCraft PVP
mc.mctg.net;The Grid
Infinity-Craft.zapto.org;Infinity-Craft
198.15.116.98;Bam Adventures
mc.mcbetterfriends.cu.cc:25580;Mcbetterfriends
184.154.251.171;Bloodbain Prison Server
66.135.41.133:27265;Mature Server
75.72.19.235:25589;Fredcraft
minecraftnow.com;MinecraftNOW
launch.playmc3.com;MC3 - MC Cubed
69.175.111.250;DestroyThisServer Craft
terramining.zapto.org:53565;Warrior World
198.49.65.80;The X-Ein Project
smp.tcservers.net;Titancraft
apatridas.spaingamers.com;Minas Apatridas
64.34.161.225:27565;SilverCraft
pvp.minecraft-hg.com;Minecraft-HG PVP&Minigame
titowamsmp.mcserver.ws;Titowam SMP
minecraft.muffinware.net;Muffinware
minecraft.playable.nl;awesomeland
Play.Buddha-Craft.com;Buddha-Craft
198.12.124.73;AnythingCraft
74.63.196.21;Diamond Hub
factions.pvpempire.com;PvP Empire
199.202.223.63;Some Block
Node7.Minecrafted.net:25569;= VERIDIAN CRAFT =
66.85.160.10:25575;AwesomeCraft
209.105.236.225;IronCraft: PvP
server.elementanimation.com;Element Animation
66.85.146.234;KG Craft
69.175.9.112;MortalCraft
184.154.158.85;CM-Gaming Survival Server
142.4.55.162;BusinessCraft
Scrapcraft.game-host.org;ScrapCraft
69.175.52.3;Vitality_PVP
kaospvp.com;KaosPvP - Factions - 1.5
play.kdms.us:25916;KDMS Minecraft Server
violet.pixelmongs.com;Pixelmon Gaming
69.175.28.238;themagabossCraft
74.119.218.119;Meridian PVP & Creative
198.12.65.29:25965;ZunixPvP Hardcore PVP
198.15.114.83;Lord of the Clans
ddoublecraft.us.to;DDoublecraft
69.175.65.134;Bokodile Craft
67.222.150.119;Blaze Pvp
142.4.46.82:25720;ServerOfTheGods
192.95.31.50:48630;Minecrusaders
spil.minekraft.dk;Minekraft [Dansk]
factionuprise.com;Derp craft
OneShift.MCDL.US;[1.4.5] One Shift PvP
factionuprise.com;nfo
factionuprise.com;nfo
factionuprise.com;nfo
factionuprise.com;nfo
game.fucraft.net;Fucraft.net
184.154.62.131;Ganker Craft
69.175.45.139;Risen-PVP
play.tekkitinnovations.net;Tekkit Innovations
216.246.108.74:25865;Golden Ages 
192.69.196.134;Rip jaw
69.175.57.205;Kenziecraft
78.143.3.56;Synesthesia
199.188.101.92;Optimal Raiding
factions.choicecraft.net;Factions Choicecraft
smp.choicecraft.net;Survival/SMP-Choicecraft
skyblock.choicecraft.net;Skyblock Choicecraft
hg1.choicecraft.net;Hungergames - Choicecraft
mc.idailycraft.com;iDailyCraft
balkancraft-mc.info;BalkanCraft
sky.mcnox.net;McNox Skyblock
192.69.196.188;Derpcraft
mc-realworld.no-ip.org;MC-Realworld
69.175.45.165;Fatality PVP
TheFinalCraft.minecraft.to;TheFinalCraft
198.15.88.67;Kingdom Eternal PVP
play.mc-ke.com;Kingdom Eternal
184.164.152.20;MineCRash
reykilla69.a2g.gs;Wars-Craft
69.175.80.229;DarkCraft
craftmine.dnsalias.com;Bush's Minecraft Server
5.39.60.56;JmanDkCraft
85.131.248.108;TrainCraft
mc.kingdomcraft.co;Kingdomcraft
85.236.101.12:29565;AlphaCraft
raid.divinepvp.com;Divine PVP
jakob.is-a-geek.net;jakob.is-a-geek.net
watercraft.dyndns.org;Watercraft
pvp.borderlandpvp.net;Borderland PvP
75.127.1.131;ImperialDominationCraft
85.236.101.19:29565;Multiplay :: TurtleDance 
minespark.net;MineSpark
71.234.124.233;OrionCraft
Mc.illusioncraft.net;Illusion Craft
mc.shadowpvp.com;ShadowPvP
69.175.47.118;InfectedCraft
198.24.133.37;EpiCraft Faction Server
64.74.111.106;RESTORMEL: REBORN
mine.user32.com;Lexalot
Craftingyourself.de;Craftingyourself
206.217.139.91:25665;FantasyCraft
pvpb3ast.sytes.net;PVP B3AST
legacypvp.org;LegacyPvP
play.storm-pvp.com;Storm Gaming - HC PVP
188.165.158.172;WorldCraft PvP
Main.medieval-Craft.com;Medieval-Craft.com
Play.AriosPvp.com;AriosPvP
ccdk.zapto.org;Creation Craft DK
178.33.186.50;Last Fortress
weshallcraft.com;We Shall Craft
67.222.154.164;67.222.154.164 PVPLegends
75.102.46.66:25665;MOBHACK
plotcraft.servegame.com;Plotcraft
MAIN.ENDERCRAFT.COM;ENDERCRAFT
play.cobblehut.com;CobbleHut
liquidiceservers.no-ip.org;Liquid Ice Servers
minecraft.wumbo.co.nz;Wumbo Private Server
198.12.124.40;FireCraft RPG Server 24/7
83.160.61.11;Creep Craft
93.91.250.136:37778;EPITHEUS
play.shaftycraft.com;ShaftyCraft
193.0.159.28;Fusion Craft Community
mc.iconomycraft.com;iConomyCraft
mc.LegacyLegends.net;Legacy Legends Factions
play.mcrockstars.com;Minecraft Rock Stars
Play.ProperSteeze.com:25572;ProperSteeze
play.anthrocraft.net;Anthrocraft Factions
minecraftgame.net;MinecraftGame.Net
69.65.43.33:29565;ProCraft
play.WrathPVP.com;Wrath Pvp
65.60.15.69;Voltagesam
69.175.65.140;Altered Reality 
mc.mchgserver.com;MCHG Server
173.224.222.5;Otherland
McCTF.com;eternal realms
109.169.12.232;EmpireCraft
themadclan.game.nfoservers.com;MadCraft
rw-mc.com;Raidwars
FLCL.pwnz.org;FLCL
198.23.247.126;Scout Server
108.163.239.8;Heliocraft
mcdualcraft.com;McDualCraft
lo69craft.com;Lo69Craft
173.208.222.174;EnchantedPVP
mc.helmetcraft.com;Helmet Craft
mcwitherhub.net;WitherHub
199.188.101.62;United Legends
finalcraft.net;FinalCraft - Official MC
198.12.70.68;Infinite Crafting
play.smudgecraft.net;Realm of SmudgeCraft
mc.techreanimate.com;Techreanimate
herioncraft.com;HerionCraft
ironman.ecizone.com;ironman
nlcraftserver.no-ip.org;GameCraftNL
s46.csrv.pl:39774;SlayerCraft
69.175.115.16;ClassicCraft
Uberminecraft.com;alex123
188.165.158.172;WorldCraft PvP Faction
peacefulcraft.net;Peaceful craft
alluringrealms.servegame.com;Alluring Realms
199.188.101.92;raiding 
67.222.156.63;Gold Rush
37.59.137.201;CrusaderCraft
66.85.168.170:25573;gummycraft
198.143.140.111;Medieval Unlimited
mc.lordsworld.co.uk;Lordsworld
mc-sn.us;The Storms Network
77.111.194.98;Team Nexus - PvP Survival
Uberminecraft.com;wow4201
93.186.205.223;Diamondcraftserver 24/7
HackShardGaming.net;Hack Shard Gaming
94.23.211.77:25568;Idea-Craft
server.mcbans.com;Official MCBans Server
188.165.197.199:25575;EMCS Gaming Minecraft #1
mc.webuildcrap.com;We Build Crap
108.178.29.235;PvP Atlantis
mc.enimcraft.com:25575;eniMCraft
node8.minecrafted.net:25584;Mad Monkey Minecraft.
27.50.70.11:25665;ConvoCraft
s3.pixelteam.net:25595;DeluxCraft
77.111.194.98;Team Nexus
198.49.65.60;DeathCraftPvp
99.198.120.74;TornidiousCraft
46.105.230.224;Theinnergrid
skyblock.noble-craft.net;Noble Craft Skyblock
69.175.45.164;EnforcerCraft
icecraft.mcserver.ws;ICECRAFT
sketchpvp.no-ip.org;Sketch PvP! [Factions] 
69.175.57.72;Xanadu MineCraft
play.mc-united.com;MC-UNITED
mc.thebossserver.com;The Boss Server
5.9.13.211:25578;ROK: RPG -PLUGIN HELP
mc.herobrineshosting.com:1504;PlebCraft
sfmserver.zapto.org;The Sfmserver
minecraft.doreeworld.com;Doreeworld Gaming
69.160.47.24;TaterCraft
75.128.64.188;OurLastStand
trahania.mcph.co;Land Of Trahania
MineTexas.com;MineTexas Public Server Network
74.121.185.182:25582;Ninja Raid / HARDCORE
s.freecraft.eu;FreeCraft
pvp.worldonecraft.com;WorldOneCraft
188.165.158.187;tee2
208.115.202.20;InfamousPvP
mcsurvivalcraft.no-ip.info;Survivalcraft!
mc.risingheroes.org;Rising Heroes  (1.5.1)
206.217.135.21:25570;PvXcraft
play.retrodrugs.us;RetroDrugs
75.127.11.23;SpiderCraft
198.12.66.170;Newbycraft
server.creationbaymc.com;CreationBayMC
184.154.222.11;DingoCraft
119.252.190.76;Synergeo
198.12.123.189;Godcraft
108.170.25.122;WitchCraft
FinalPVP.com;FinalPVP.com
play.constantmc.com;ConstantPvP
s8.hosthorde.com:25567;KAZMKRAFT
108.163.219.151;Descent Craft
play.cubicworlds.net;Cubic Worlds
82.145.58.107;RedemptionSkyBlock
craftersguild.net;Crafters Guild  Survival/Creative/Mcmmo
198.12.123.68;Blitzcraft
rv.rs;VanillaPod SMP
95.141.41.137:26765;GreekCraft
Play.ItzCraft.com;ItzCraft 1.4.5
play.ragcraft.com;RAG Craft
108.60.205.99;Sonic's server
pvp.noblox.net;noblox pvp
kito.zapto.org;Kitocraft
ninjacraftpvp.ddns.net;NinjaCraftPvP
5.9.137.134:25587;JackedCraft
mc.nerdfighteria.com;Nerdcrafteria
199.229.251.225:25585;GAY CRAFT
69.25.207.91:25566;Empire-Crafters
citywars.ca;citywars
85.131.155.156;World of Minecraft[GERMAN
69.175.55.133;PerthCraft
craftworld.nitrado.net;CraftWorld
c.minecraftnations.com;MCN: Creative
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends!
64.34.176.219:25765;Ender Forge
75.127.11.23;SpiderCraft
67.212.180.44;THE LOWER LEVEL
69.175.45.4;CrimsonDawn
mc.thinghunter.com;Thing Hunter
198.12.123.208;Xtreme Craft
108.174.59.201;MerinetteKraft
LavaCraftMS.COM;LavaCraftMS
minecraft.casair.net;FlipCraft 24/7
mc.toomuchminecraft.com;TooMuchMinecraft
69.175.113.245;Minalicious
69.27.127.245;ZenWorldPress
96.127.131.69;XiteCraft
65.60.15.67;Kratos PvP
199.188.101.39;CraftCraft
184.154.108.119;Slice & Dice
199.26.86.166;AxeCraft PvP
mc.thechunk.net;The Chunk Creative
minecraft.3farmers.com;3farmers
minecraft.adrenaline-gaming.net;AG Survival[Dimension128]
minecraft.novus-esports.com;Novus eCraft
173.236.85.110;Mine_Universe
play.stancraft.org;StanCraft
c2.lionhost.org:25595;Lumecraft(Rival Rebels)
s52.csrv.pl:14351;UltimateCraft SV/FB/SG
85.131.174.85;EliteHero
74.63.254.212;InfinityPVP
mcelitepvp.mccraft.us:25623;McElitePvP
pvp.io;KyuziRaid Factions
75.102.46.75:25865;Hc.Raid.Mc 
209.105.236.240;ProCraft
37.59.209.193:25661;MashCraft
5.9.137.134:25579;Adventure + Survival NEW
85.236.102.68:27665;-(CS)- Faction PvP & RPG
199.188.103.197;CronosCraft
play.mcphantomcraft.com;Phantom Craft 3.0
75.127.11.144;Cerridwyn
mc.epicgamingmc.com:25586;EpicGamingCraft
mc.darmacraft.com;DarmaCraft
mc.hzgaming.info;Horizon Gaming
198.12.124.50;-yet to have name-
mc.passioncraft.org;PassionCraft Bending&Towny
sketchpvp.no-ip.org;Sketch PvP
mc.shadowblockz.com;shadowblockz
79.110.123.23;||PvP||Bulgaria||PvP||
108.174.59.236;OutMaxGaming
65.60.15.74;WaterCraft
bubbacraft.net;Bubbacraft
75.127.11.9;BeckCraft 1.4.6
play.mcbearnation.com;BearNation
node13.minecrafted.net:25569;Kingdommine
play.scarwood.net;Scarwood Reach
198.12.125.228;xTr3Me Craft
77.111.255.116;TehMinecraftRealms PvP
minetown.minecraft.gs;MineTown
108.170.16.156;Falconcraft
mc.pigzcraft.com;Pigzcraft
mcelitepvp.mccraft.us:25623;Factionpvp
hub.mc-ke.com;Kingdom Eternal (Multiple
199.188.101.92;ACOMMONCRAFT
37.59.200.71;SuperMC
198.12.125.216;20-20 CRAFT
adventurecraft.sytes.net;AdventureCraft
corruptprison.com;Corrupt Prison
mc.convocraft.net;ConvoCraft
142.4.215.126:25572;Avalon
play.midnightpvp.net;midnightpvp
hub.haydzcraft.com;Haydzcraft Cloud Network
Play.Aero-Craft.Net;AeroCraft Creative
BehindTheMatrix.de;Behind the Matrix
27.50.70.10:29065;MInistry of Blocks!
cloud.minealot.com;mine alot
racercraft.custom-gaming.net;RacerCraft
176.31.226.213:25577;HC Europe Factions
mc05.serverminer.com:25577;Jeremy's World
66.85.187.4;DevilCraftFTW
184.154.181.182;BrodieCraft
75.127.5.109;Hiddenpvp
69.175.57.79;CentrinoPvP
hub.turtle-mc.org;Turtle-MC
hungergames.frostcast.net;frostcast
EDawg878.com;EDawg878
37.59.152.56;JellyCraft
65.60.15.81;InfernoCraft
85.236.101.12:25865;Strydercraft meets TLA!
178.32.151.235;My Awsome Server!
199.116.117.150;CommandoCraft
mc.desire-gaming.com;Desirecraft
Minecraft.Squidwolf.com;Squidwolf Minecraft
join.11thdream.net;11th Dream
85.131.166.82;Mittelerde
209.236.119.163;Into The Sky!
minecraft-craft.mirusgroup.net;Minecraft
s1.ras-servers.com;RAS Survival #1
s12.hosthorde.com:25573;AwesomeCraft
marleyland.com;marleyland
agentpvp.com;AgentPVP
85.236.109.211:32665;Badass Alternative Gamers
209.105.227.184:25600;The Server
176.31.76.173;Wanted PvP
198.71.81.86;Coopa Craft 
5.9.108.18:25574;WomboCraft 
finalcraft.net;FinalCraft - Official
209.15.226.39:26465;Pandora's Box
pvp.ofmc.me;OFMC PVP Server
176.31.122.28;mccraft
142.4.62.125;skyward horde
Kingdom-pvp.net;KingdomPvP
85.236.101.7:28065;DevAndCo
play.paminecraft.net;PAMC Factions
joecalder.com;grief free server
184.154.98.184;InstaCraft
play.mcspacecraft.nl;spacecraft 1.4.6
188.40.37.82:25945;Dwarven Kingdom
Creationation.eu;Creationation
creative.shadecrest.com;ShadeCrest Creative
mc.shallwecraft.com;ShallWeCraft
108.163.239.4;ExtremeCraft
81.19.217.132:28660;GamerDruids 
198.8.84.218;Reaction-PVP
play.ih-mc.com;Infinite Heights
simplesurvival.sytes.net;SimpleSurvival
Smp.McBlocks.net;McBlocks Server
108.163.239.28;NDM_CRAFT
mc.bbsurvival.com;BBSurvival
play.chosencraft.com;chosenCraft
minecraft.wdgaming.net;wDGaming
mc.team-epiphany.com;TE server
mc.cheesecraft.us;CheeseCraft 24/7
173.236.85.118;WICKEDCRAFT
69.175.28.252;ReitCraft
jungle.worldonecraft.com;World One Craft
play.simplycrafted.net;Simply Crafted
198.15.74.185;Forbidden Minecraft
162.244.165.51:52206;LostCraftReborn
184.95.39.168;Lag free 24/7
209.236.122.136;County Prison
holycraft.us.to;Holy Craft
HUB.mbcx2.net;FreedomCraft HUB
75.127.11.56;FlashPVP
forgeunited.no-ip.org;Forge United
coolcraft.no-ip.org;CoolCraft
188.165.197.199:25567;DamagePvp
5.255.85.216:26058;HillWoodCraft
27.50.70.18:27765;MC-Quantum
198.12.124.45;GreenFan
185.16.84.27:25965;Ruannon's Playground
176.31.235.160:25569;CiviliCraft
108.60.192.182;EGMC
Minecraft.Asser.no;Asser Server
action-craft.net;ActionCraft
63.143.52.29;Pinchai
198.49.66.91;Diamond PVP
mc.taamc.com:25596;TAAMC
5.39.118.81;TEKKIT - FUSION CRAFT
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionurprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
archaniamc.co.uk;ArchaniaMC
Ravage-Craft.net;RavageCraft! FactionPVP!
mc.starmine.org;Starmine
173.224.125.19:28365;Ice Craft
mcelitepvp.mccraft.us:25623;McElitePvp
mc.nastacraft.net;Nastacraft
play.Diamcraft.com;Diamcraft
75.127.11.212;Riven 1.4.7
75.127.13.206;Sinisterealms Faction
mc.playbroscraft.com;Broscraft
108.60.192.182;Europe Gaming MineCraft
67.222.131.178;Auracraft
play.survycraft.com;SurvyCraft
login-mcraftia.com;EPICRAFT
server.jpcsupplies.com;The Darkfortress
192.210.238.85;Vanquisher Craft
Mc.Deckromancy.net;Deckromancy
mc.jcamtech.com:25252;Contega RP
cashcraft.mcserver.ws;CashCraft
199.188.100.216:25665;Zubercraft
node13.minecrafted.net:25569;kingmine
69.175.116.143;Pyro People
mc.lilfunbuild.com;Lilfunbuild
75.127.11.11;ZombieCraft
mc.Shintoxgaming.com;Shintox Gaming
play.ordonmc.com;OrdonMC Towny
85.236.102.4:30465;Spouse-Craft
mc.rwtgaming.net:25573;KnightCraft!
198.27.79.255;potato-craft
mc.iciclecraft.net;IcicleCraft
108.170.10.162:25583;Total Craft
85.236.101.131:28865;TheFactionWars-PVP
99.198.120.68;NukeCraft
108.170.10.162:25583;Total Craft
montypvp.com;Monty PvP
citywars.ca;desiredcraft
pvp.borderlandpvp.net;borderland pvp
83.101.5.188;ULTRAX
m4l.ksrv.net;Mine 4 Life
82.145.58.139;SynergyCraft
198.12.65.91:25665;ZeenCraft
minecraftin.undo.it;Minecraftin
176.31.198.86;Secret Crafters
Mcgamebang.tk;GameBang
142.4.215.126:25572;Avalon
n.minecraftnations.com;Minecraft Nations
mc.hcserver.com;hcserver
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
85.190.135.58;Flunkiiiland
91.121.226.112;NO RULES \ Anarchy \ 
37.59.254.170;ClubMC
monkeycraft.org;monkeycraft
176.9.124.55;Erecia
142.4.215.126;genesiscraft
p0ntuzz.no-ip.org;Survivalcraftmc
216.172.97.26:25865;HotCocoaCraft Vanilla
96.8.119.76;Gemtech @ Vannila
SURGEMC.COM;SurgeMC
108.174.59.43;BigTimeMinecraft
5.39.118.74;GuitarHeroTom
5.135.8.199;TrapCraft
centrility.nl;Centrility
85.236.102.40:26265;SteakCraft
sexyraids.net;SexyRaids
85.236.109.212:27165;MCTitan
play.mcdpvp.com;Dark PvP
play.pudicraft.nl:27465;Pudicraft
mc.icestonerealms.com;IceStone Realms
unitycraft.de;UnityCraft
108.163.239.28;MDN_PVP
mc-ac.com;AbsoluteCraft
199.192.230.93;ToadCraft
199.229.253.11;AnarchistCraft 1.4.5 24/7
176.31.235.160:25569;CivilCraft
xileserver.zapto.org;idk...
65.60.13.70;BattleSpaceWarzone
173.236.123.219;Phoenix Craft
96.8.117.117;Twilight MC
69.175.46.242;GamingCraft
75.127.11.55;Eco-Craft Version 1.4.6
5.9.156.36;Charlotteville - Tekkit
108.178.21.15;AthleticCraft
108.178.21.15;AthleticCraft
2.cubeserver.org;CubeServer #2
mc.patocraft.net;PatoCraft
mc.xiserv.org;XiCraft
66.85.129.130:25586;Destiny Craft 24/7
billchatfield.dyndns.org;AldienCraft
Mc.affinitycraft.eu;DROP PARTY NOW!
godlycraft.no-ip.org;GodlyCraft
94.23.59.173:25589;PiggieCraft
purgatory.joinmc.us:25582;Purgatory Games
91.121.255.227;Forever Crafting
mc.skyprison.net;Sky Prison
server.toxicminers.com;Toxicminers Faction PvP
cubixcraft.net;CubixCraft
play.stompzcraft.com;stompcraft
108.60.193.107:25845;AgressionPvP
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.7.2
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
mc.gocybered.com;Cognito
108.178.21.15;AthleticCraft
184.164.140.202:49225;STEAMCRAFT
69.65.42.155:26465;C0unt's Vanilla xp
75.127.11.118;ImposterCraft
db.delinked.net;Diamond Block
pvp.borderlandpvp.net;borderlands pvp
server1.craftzone.com.br;Craft Zone
184.154.185.250;CPS MC
108.178.21.15;AthleticCraft
69.46.74.156;CubeCraft
blitzcraft.net;Blitzcraft
108.174.61.11:25765;Economic-Survival
mc.minecreate.com;Minecreate Sanctuary
27.50.70.2:31665;EconoCraft
5.9.147.131:25576;PiggyCraft
survival.sheen.id.au;Mikeland Survival
survival.sheen.id.au;Mikeland Survival
play.redstoneincmc.net;Redstone Inc
mine.japura.net;Japura Survival City
198.12.64.231;RankUpKits
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.7.2
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.7.2
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.7.2
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.7.2
85.236.109.212:26865;CHFactions
77.111.239.181;RegnumCraft
209.15.226.39:26265;ButterCraft
89.10.250.149:7777;sQuats pixelmon server
play.solarrealms.co.uk;SolarRealms 1.4.6 Events!
77.111.209.147;Apocalypticraft
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.7.2
eyoxiz.no-ip.org;Eyoxiz Craft
minehost61.host-unlimited.de:25795;League of Miners
192.210.228.6;piggykraft
mc.isasecret.com;MindCraft
192.95.48.152;WitherCraft
192.210.228.232;Mc.Valley.com
184.171.173.50:56430;CharcoalChewers
s.mcdefiance.com;McDefiance
192.210.238.13:25665;ClanWars
199.229.251.152;DestructionCraft
142.4.58.177;Aussie craft
play.cqpvp.net;Conquest Faction Server
mc.desiredcraft.net;Desiredcraft
mc.desiredcraft.net;Desiredcraft
MC.CEDARCRAFT.ORG;CedarCraft
magic.b-paradise.eu;Magic paradise
184.164.135.125;Crimson Crafting
Minecraftsmp.mine.nu;Minecraftsmp
play.mc-jg.net;Jammed Gears
63.143.52.13;fallen-craft
play.dgmc.co.uk;DG-Craft
50.31.23.132;Tropico
prominentcraft.no-ip.org;Prominent Craft - PvP / Factions
mc.farmingcrafters.at;Farming Crafters Feed the Beast Infinity
minecraft.rawcritics.com;Rawcritics PVP
67.212.171.8;Wegnation
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends
69.175.19.242;LightningCraft 24/7
69.175.124.87;ButterCraftPVP
108.178.21.15;AthleticCraft
skyblock.net;Skyzblock
176.31.208.227;Sarkland
mc.leet-craft.com:25665;LeetCraft
37.59.252.131;MC Legends
panic.frenzied.us;Mobcraft
play.ponymc.com;PonyMC
217.67.31.247:25585;SurmiServer Minecraft
37.122.250.202;VoltaCraft Feed The Beast
Mc.SkeletonPvp.Com;SkeletonPvp
176.31.239.18:25589;SerenitySurvival
factions.sw33t.us;Sw33t Server Factions
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.7.2
192.210.228.106;Revolution PvP
pvp.daegonner.com;Daegonner PvP
play.sgtekkit.net;SGTekkit
94.23.37.199:27040;Heavenly
69.175.45.19;HighLandCraft
skyblock.no-ip.org;skyblock
108.166.172.73;ShadowCraft
192.210.229.109;Minecraft Maniacs
porkcraftmc.undo.it;PorkCraftMC
mc.spitfyre.net;Spitfyre
mc.arcadiagames.net;Arcadia Minecraft
69.175.45.184;Assasins Craft
188.165.245.229;GoldenCraft
24.108.67.81;VoidTS
98.245.84.25;NatureCraft
108.61.44.210:26665;sokocraft
85.236.102.8:29965;untame-server
192.210.228.106;RevoltuionPvP
69.175.55.43;RPSG/Survival Games
37.59.137.204;Outopiacraft.eu
85.236.101.90:28265;Mindcrack
198.49.65.43;WofflePvP
Supercraft.dy.fi;SuperCraft
184.154.11.3;InsomniaPVP
nodigit.com;Nodigit
porkcraftmc.ez.lv;PorkCraftMC
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
mc.pigcraft.net;Pigcraft QC
mc.adroition.com;EcoVille
198.15.87.237;PizzMuts
75.102.40.252:25665;MajorLeagueMineCrafters
85.114.156.139;Acecraft PvP Server
GAME.DIABLOCRAFT.NET;Minecraft family
108.60.192.37:25865;Yayformay
thecerealbowl.game-server.cc;The Cereal Bowl
play.tactilecraft.com;Tactilecraft
epicfirecraft.got-game.org;epicfirecraft GAMES
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
46.38.233.35;Pixelcraft
46.105.151.118;McmmoKings
play.ObbyPvP.net;Obby PvP
mc.team-epiphany.com;Team0Epiphany
192.210.228.169;Realms of Azoria
193.35.58.29:25583;Destiny of the Stars RP
factions.legitplay.net;LegitPlay Factions
skyblock.tv;SkyBlock
198.144.179.10;4evercraft
odacraft.org;ODACraft.org Military
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
mc.unlimited-craft.net:25754;Unlimited Craft
pvp.saintscraft.com;SaintsCraft
69.175.9.25;Nexus-PvP
BattleCraft.chickenkiller.com;BattleCraft
67.212.171.19;Minered
oldkingdom.webhop.net;0ld Kingdom
27.50.70.18:28865;SkeleCrafters Survival
108.163.239.7;Faction Wars
play.mcdetermination.com:25765;Determination
minekraft.eu;FTB Infinity Evolved Minekraft.eu
play.crafters.no;Crafters
play.scourgecraft.net;ScourgeCraft
69.175.19.246;Skyblock
Build.LoreMC.Com;LoreMC Servers | Creative | Factions
37.59.165.216;WPpvp
play.gameslabs.net;GamesLabs network
play.moliora.com;Moliora
192.210.228.235;24/7 Survival
192.210.228.5;Andromeda
198.12.122.11;InnateCraft
198.12.123.141;BlazePVP
69.175.28.234;Empiria
77.111.198.126;Revolutionary
amazing-craft.mcserver.ws;Amazing-Craft
198.49.65.76;MC-Exodus
75.127.13.184;Unknowncraft
184.171.243.238;CaraCraft
192.210.148.157;âDOOMCRAFT HCâ
mc.dgminecraft.com;DG Minecraft
playmicro.net;MicroCraft
46.228.202.70;Nations At War
mc.deadoralivemc.org;Deadoralivemc
94.23.51.42:25601;LumbaCraft
play.constantpvp.com;play.constantpvp.com
192.210.228.208;[FACTIONS]-[MOD DISGUISE]
mc.desiredcraft.net;extremekotor
mc-rs.us;RedSkull Server
198.23.148.52;Nationofcrafting
5.9.158.149:25569;Diamond Dominion
skyblock.org;Skyblock
75.127.13.169;WaterHaven
198.49.65.75;Mc-Exodus
75.127.13.169;LegendHelm
199.26.85.237;SlappyCraft
pvp.epi-craft.com;EpiCraft PvP Server
mc.patocraft.net;PatoCraft SMP/Creative
mc.patocraft.net;PatoCraft PvP
mc.intangir.org;Anarchic Frontiers
72.46.128.60;Dexterity-PvP
play.ukminecraft.com;UKMinecraft
91.121.41.185:25568;RunoCraft.iminecraft.se
198.12.123.113;Yoda and shis server
play.cheatsynation.com;Cheatsy Nation
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
67.222.154.164;PVP Legends
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.7.2
mc.factionone.de;FactionOne
68.232.182.182:25575;The Minecraft999 Server
play.mczhuk.com;Zhukcraft
75.127.11.75;StealthGaming
beejee.info;Beejee.info
mail.promentum.co.uk;doa
94.23.227.183:25578;PVP/SURVIVAL Server
play.mczhuk.com;MCZhuk
mc11.serverminer.com;PlayPVP Hunger Games
66.85.128.90:25590;mcnoobraid
mc.gopro.lv;GoPro
91.121.153.14:25594;MinecraftSSS
mc.silocraft.com:2003;Silocraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
184.154.95.93;exvoliotioncraft
198.12.65.89:25765;Pancakecraft
mc.slwsteven12.com;Entropy Public Server
play.sheepzez.com:25235;Sheepzez's Minigames
37.59.161.80;FunGasm
108.163.219.146;Clashing Factions
72.46.128.60;Dexterity-PvP
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
angelzcraft.no-ip.org;AngelsCraft
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
play.w00tcraft.com;W00tcraft
redvsblue.servegame.com;Rival Kingdoms MMORPG
fs.thewebgamer.net;The Friendly Server
mc.freedomunited.net;Freedom United
mc.madgaming.eu;MadGaming
85.190.129.7;BaaBoo's PVP Server
176.31.239.18:25590;EvadeCraft 
208.115.208.74:25567;Raid Busters
primus.voxelhosting.com:25605;# Primus Penitentiary - [
93.186.204.108;Guild-Craft
72.249.124.179:26265;SevCraft
mc.terrenecraft.com;TerreneCraft
mc21.crew.sk:25582;cPlay.eu - Heroes XP
openedgates.com;openedgates.com
Mc.PlymouthCraft.com;PlymouthCraft
199.188.100.211:25665;Valley of Legends
loonyland.no-ip.org;Loonyland
184.95.39.146;Ucraft
play.mccrafters.com;Mc Crafters
xenonmc.linkpc.net:25575;Xenon Minecraft Server
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
108.60.205.101;EvolutionCraft
108.60.205.106;Ultimicraft
192.210.232.73;PengwolfCraft
ruinscraft.com;Ruinscraft - Main
MC-1.JMP.CX;CircleSoft Entertainment
108.174.57.187:25665;ROFL Craft
69.175.24.74;DeathNation
80.235.53.154:7777;MCRS
myfuncraft.servegame.com:25771;MyTownCraft
mc.goldrealms.com;Gold realms
gamersunitonline.net;GamersUnitOnline.net
65.60.13.85;CraftControl
72.51.46.225:26865;wolfcor1
192.210.218.242:25665;Cortana
69.175.46.244;ZombieHorde [1.4.7]
199.188.101.91;Reminiscence PvP
lackofcows.mcph.co:33763;Lack of Cows
play.survivalcraft-bg.info;SurvivalCraft-BG
fs.thewebgamer.net;Friendly Server
play.diamcraft.com;DiamCraft
newbeeworld.sytes.net;FEED THE BEAST NEWBEEWORL
93.186.205.242;Universe-PvP
198.71.81.86;coopa craft
awns.us;AWNSCraft
199.188.101.91;Reminiscence PvP
78.129.128.122;BalkanCraft
192.3.105.77;AC Creative and Survival
mc10.montypvp.com;montypvp10
xavtious.no-ip.net;Xavtious
184.154.206.168;|| Celestial PVP || 
184.154.206.168;Celestialpvp
mc.eirinncraft.org;Eirinncraft
eternalhost.no-ip.biz:7777;Raidrealms
192.210.233.37;DrugFavela
69.175.80.226;Marvel PvP and Infection
184.154.38.68;Uber Craft
64.74.111.238;killercraft
69.175.19.245;CraftBoxSmp
66.85.164.41;Epic Craft
launch.playmc3.com;Mc Cubed
simple42.mynqa.com;Simple 42
193.35.58.48:25599;CowCrafty
79.133.51.71;ULP DNS TechPack
198.12.123.206;Emerald P.v.P
75.102.40.239:25665;DeadCraft
5.135.109.135;â¢FrontierCraftâ¢
vulcanempire.no-ip.org;VulcanEmpire
ag1.playeoe.com;achergames
mc.radiancecraft.com;Radiancecraft
play.diamcraft.com;Diam
64.74.111.41:25609;Lets Survive
192.210.230.197;HavocPvP
192.210.233.105;Riftpvp
world.woodenaxe.com;Adult Minecraft Server
75.127.11.157;Voids Caverns
lionheartmc.net;Lionheart Skyblock
pigslicer.beastnode.net;PigSlicerPVP
ModernBuild.net;ModernBuild
mc.spitfyre.net;Spitfyre
193.35.58.23:25582;LightningCraft
85.236.100.42:25765;ITS A TRAP!!!!!!
Cobbleforest.com;Cobbleforest
play.diamcraft.com;Diamcraft
mc.mpprison.com;MPPrison Server!
mc.exuniverse.org;Ex Universe PVE/PVP 
192.95.7.19;likdaboos Survival Server
srv30.minecraft-mania.fr:31294;ETERNAL EMPIRE
68.40.20.51;Hixitium
play.realmc.net;REALMCRAFT
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
108.170.16.156;Black Lotus
RenderedMC.com;RenderedMC
skyblock.no-ip.org;skyblock
198.23.247.101;RaidCraft #2
184.154.38.68;Uber Craft
184.154.38.68;Uber Craft
184.154.38.68;Uber Craft
184.154.38.68;Uber Craft
184.154.38.68;Uber Craft
184.154.38.68;Uber Craft
184.154.38.68;Uber Craft
www.firelook.com;Firelook
193.0.159.246;MineShank
camelott-craft.nn.pe:25571;CamelottCraft
77.111.238.177;WonderLand
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
193.35.58.50:25590;LoUR Minecraft R.P.G.
188.165.213.155;Nether Wars
199.192.230.93;ToadCraft
98.142.209.35;CloudSpills Anarchy
turtlecraftserver.com;TurtleCraft - Factions
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
clearcraft.net;ClearCraft
castlecraft.minecraftserver.co;Castle Craft!
mc.castillotech.com;mc.castillotech.com
97.89.111.155;ETERNAL EMPIRE
tfs.abeltrax.com;Abel Tech's Server
108.170.10.162:25583;Total Craft
play.journeycraft.net;JourneyCraft
f10.owncraft.pl:25064;MC GAME AWARD
blockcrafter.com;BlockCrafter
mixcraft.no-ip.org;MixCraft
5.9.158.149:25597;Alad-Craft
176.31.140.142;CraveCraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
lavawars.com;lavawars.com
77.111.193.164;--Minecraft server--
mc.tregmine.info;Tregmine
castlecraft.minecraftserver.co;Castle Craft
mc-halo.com;MC-Halo
206.217.141.25;Kaos-Craft
72.51.46.156:29065;Brony Craft
208.167.250.245:25575;ReconNova MC
67.222.128.54;Trickery Gaming Server
mc.homieserver.com;bigcraft
206.217.141.25;Kaos Craft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
69.175.46.234;WorldPvP
176.31.215.153;DraulCraft
192.210.228.35;DoomCraft
198.27.79.255;potato-crfat
75.127.5.25;RetronixCraft
play.mc-sc.net;minecraft-server
193.35.58.29:25580;OMNIcraft
199.229.251.34;pandacraft
5.9.108.18:25573;LinkzCraft
s1.crazycraft.pl;CrazyCraft.pl Polish 24/7
199.231.84.117;AzLok Craft (1.4.7)
mc.survivaldub.com;Survivaldub
93.186.207.85;Creeperhead-Server
mc.worldofvoxels.com;World Of Voxels
godlycraft.no-ip.org;Godlycraft
193.35.58.52:25599;Endurance Survival Server
play.mc-sc.net;StrikeCraft
s.dragoncraft.pl;Dragoncraft 
192.210.232.110;Republic Craft
mc.tackettsarmy.com;Fortress4
206.217.141.25;KaosCraft
ultimapvp.net;UltimaPvP
taiga.jsurvival.co;JustSurvival - Taiga
mail.promentum.co.uk;doa
193.35.58.6:25587;Moon Craft
5.39.74.39:25568;SeriousCrafting
herioncraft.com;FTBHeroes
mail.promentum.co.uk;doa
85.236.102.8:29565;Minecraft Scotland
canadiacraft.akliz.net;CanadiaCraft
142.4.62.56;PwnCraft
95.143.195.24:27165;DEATHCRAFT PVP
acepvp.net;AcePVP 
142.4.57.90;Midnight Rebellion
play.vendettamc.com;Vendetta MC
skyblock.org;skyblock
75.127.11.83;SkyCraft
69.175.19.242;LightningCrat
192.210.232.165;Delta-Craft
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
play.hotcraft.org;HotCraft
184.57.130.210;BlobCraft
2.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
2.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
2.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
192.210.233.16;Zanyes World
mc.aesiscraft.com;AesisCraft
192.227.136.52:25665;Crafters Inc.
pvp.waroz.org;WarOz
FinalGame-Hosting.com;The Final Game
82ndstrikers.dyndns.org;HeroCraft
play.miningdownunder.net;Miningdownunder
192.210.234.76:25665;DojoCraft
CarceonSurvival.me;Carceon Survival
69.175.45.27;PigzNation
mc13.serverminer.com:25650;NethercraftPvP
188.165.255.205:25612;De GoldenCraft
2.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
ccretrogaming.co.uk;Darksky
mcctf.com;skywars
arcticcraft.game-host.org:26565;Arctic Craft
8.17.252.114:26065;King's Craft
PISTONMC.COM;Minecraft Server 
mc.silverpvp.com;SilverPvP
69.27.127.232;PhantomCraft
Play.EastCoastMC.ca;EastCoastMC
px02.carbonhost.com.br;NewCraft
arcwebsites.com:25566;KittyCannon-Craft
TalentCraft.us.to;TalentCraft
SG.Wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
173.224.125.16:27265;Vortex Craft
185.38.148.100:25596;Gangstacraft
198.15.97.26;dawn-21@
prison.brutalcraft.org;â·ââââ¶â-âââ¾âââ
prison.brutalcraft.org;â·ââââ¶â-âââ¾âââ
mc.patocraft.net;PatoCraft
creative.pacificstate.ca;Pacific State 2
minecraft.sodiumlabs.us;Datamine
mc.qubecraft.com;QubeCraft
eternityhive.com;Eternity Hive
the.minecraftnoob.com;demy
node14.minecrafted.net:25569;FrogCraft 
SG.Wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
142.4.55.216;DragonCraft
192.210.234.67:25665;PandaManiac
xethcraft.dyndns.org;XethCraft !24/7!
85.236.101.6:26565;MineOrDie 24/7 FUN SERVER
play-skyblock.com;lichcraft clound
93.91.250.135:27147;spartan-craft
69.175.55.135;MC Raid Craft
37.59.254.162;OdessyCraft PvP
pvp.stycraft.net;StycraftPVP
67.222.131.163;HybridCraft
193.35.58.44:25582;Manecraft!
PvP.MuxCraft.Eu;MuxCraft
mc.shadowvolt.com;Shadowvolt
paradigm.shift.my:25765;Paradigm
173.236.123.220;AlphaWolf-Survival
64.237.33.154:26865;HDcraft
lotpvp.us;Legends Of Thoroghan
maniacpvp.net;Maniac PvP
game.minerealm.com;MineRealm
play.minekraft.eu;Minekraft.eu
95.211.160.33;Outbreak Gaming
198.12.66.147;Mythology PVP
198.15.112.50;Absurd Gaming Minecraft
mc.creepercraftmmo.net;Creepercraft Cloud
play.tekkromc.com;TekkroMC
wallsmc.com;The walls
192.210.234.54:25665;Terolet
82.96.119.43:25765;Earthquake Server
138.128.20.214;The Cool Table - Semi-Vanilla PVE
64.237.33.154:25665;Server Of United Lights
37.122.248.119;Obscure Lands
75.127.5.23;Scranbob PvP
minefire.net;minefire.net
69.175.36.88;RenegadePvp-24/7-Factions
mc.unearthedcraft.com;UnearthedCraft
3.Wc-Mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
75.127.11.131;Koala Clan Craft 
91.121.183.11;ConstructionCraft
mc.swaggercraft.org;swaggercraft
sl0th-craft.com:25614;Sl0tH_Craft
PvP.sx;MCsPVP
94.23.1.6:25574;SJCraft
euautomation.dyndns-remote.com;Vanilla+Bukkit Server
195.82.159.166;Creative Server [German]
play.hcmc.co.vu;Heretics Craft 
85.236.100.250:32165;Techcraft Survival Server
derseegler.de;DerSeeglers vanilla survi
173.208.222.172;PsudeoCraft
wootenland.no-ip.org;WootenLand
209.236.113.202;FLaSH PvP
184.171.251.187;DIEHard MC PVP
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft
LetsBuild.net;LetsBuild.net
95.97.211.86;Redstone Inc.
108.60.205.101;EvolutionCraft
66.225.198.181;Auzminigames
108.174.59.137;Firecraft89
mc-raid.com;raidstone
mc.forbiddenpvp.com;ForbiddenPvP
zneumann.dyndns.org;Z server SMP
tankpvp.info;TankPVP
192.210.228.80;Project-TJF
mc.adroition.com;ecoville
85.236.101.132:26365;CTT Server
198.23.247.136;OxiCraft
173.15.60.242;Renissance PvP
66.85.146.3;Wanderland Towny II
198.154.105.249;N04 - server539 
hub.cqpvp.net;Conquest Network
mc.realmkeepers.net;PvP Survial Server
play.diamcraft.com;DiamCraft
198.12.123.54;UCMC! Minecraft!
198.23.148.70:25765;SeveZGaming
173.236.123.211;.x.x.LolZ.X.x
85.131.147.125;Ramaniacraft
play.yams.me:50639;YAMS
178.239.169.62:25568;KillaCraft
mc.frontiercraftz.com;FrontierCraftZ
85.236.101.26:26165;The Tekkit Society
65.60.13.87;BaconCraft
empirelegacy.co.uk;empire legacy
82.145.58.107;RedemptionCraft
mc.eternalcraft.net;mc.eternalcraft.net
server001.shalleeco.com:25568;NinjaCraft
72.9.154.222;Builders Paradise
193.35.58.11:25579;TekkitOfepic
192.210.236.22:25765;HIGHTechnologies
65.60.0.135;ZomCraft
play.shilocraft.com;Shilocraft
193.35.58.23:25582;lightningcraft
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft
27.50.71.12;eGL MINECRAFT WORLD
darkholm.net;Darkholm Factions PVP
176.9.31.101:25586;DudaCraft
mc.manicminer.us;ManicMiner
server.die-reiche-erethons.com;Die Reiche Erethons
198.24.165.2:26206;Unity Server
ccdk.zapto.org;CCDK
193.35.58.35:25597;Whoopie Goldberg
75.102.46.2:25665;EverythingCraft
mc.dark-infinity.net;Dark Infinity
pug.verygames.net;VeryPug
67.222.131.175;Official-PvP
69.175.9.11;DeceptionCraft
game1.openmine.org;OpenMine.org Tekkit
69.175.65.204;KingsLand Prison
176.9.105.241:28499;MInePvP
play.keepercraft.co.uk:25566;keepercraft
mc.pxlmc.com;[pxl]
75.127.5.39;NukePvP
192.210.143.25;Limcraft
108.60.192.35:26045;ZeN-Craft
108.60.205.101;EvolutionCraft
minecraftsverige.zapto.org:53565;Terramining
Wafflelobster.com;WaffleLobster.com
Mc.InsanityCraft.org;InsanityCraft 2.0
85.236.102.68:29265;TheTDgaming_Public
alovelyplace.no-ip.org;MAN1C CRAFT
192.210.232.235;Power Raidz
3.Wc-Mc.com;WarCraft3
205.217.25.30:25000;AbstractMC
37.59.237.230;Minetrop PvP
75.127.11.23;AnonPvP
192.210.229.78;Adventure Craft
108.163.221.163;Exodus of XRAYHELM
mc.hellsgamers.com;Hellsgamers Survival
184.171.170.68;Vertigo Gaming
46.253.196.11:25765;Lightvalley [Faction]
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
67.212.171.28;MayhemPvP - Hardcore Fact
193.35.58.30:25581;Kingdoms MC
www.elementzcraft.com;Element Z Craft
mc.mufflewump.com;MuffleCraft
PlayiMinecraft.com;iMinecraft
192.210.232.235;PoweRRaidz
mc.spawntown.com;SpawnTown
96.8.116.39;Spot Pvp
192.210.143.25;Limcraft
37.59.200.82;Cosmic Craft
Sc21.servercraft.co:13206;DarkDivine
173.160.170.45;LunarCraft
192.210.233.26;~LetalisCraft~ 1.4.7 
77.111.239.159;Pickaxe & Creepers
mc-hg.ca;HobbitPVP
cmp.archivesmc.com:25581;The Archives
192.210.234.5:25865;SavageCraft
198.12.123.54;United Cratfers Of Minecr
radioplett.com;PLETTCRAFT FTB DIREWOLF20
actionpvp.net;ActionPvP
play.landofminecraft.com;land of mine craft
192.210.236.151:25865;BROTHERS OF VALHALLA 
5.39.58.192;VoxaRealms 
209.15.226.39:26265;ButterCraft
209.15.226.39:26265;Buttercraft
funkyfactions.com;funkyfactions
Kitpvp.us;MCPVP
craftera.com;CraftEra Community
69.175.46.251;FrostyPvp
www.mc-hg.com;deadly super hunger games
server.swaggercraft.com;SwaggerCraft
s1.mcinfected.net;MCInfected 
mc.minecraftia.lt;minecraftia.lt
216.172.106.218;control craft 
play.zacstr.com;EpiCraft
ag1.mcthefridge.com;ArcherGames
198.15.97.28;svensk Survival!
81.30.154.244;Limucraft
publicmc.zapto.org;Harrisburg01 GMT-5
192.210.234.86:25865;Vertigo
play.blackwater.uk.to;Blackwater Prison Server
Starbuild.minecraft.to;Starbuild
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
216.172.97.26:25765;Desert Survival
play.sympul.net;SympulCraft
69.46.74.32;NIEX
173.236.123.196;Crimson Realms
198.23.247.131;LegendaryPvP
176.31.208.66;SummitCraft
27.50.72.3;EmuTek
176.31.239.18:25592;Goldcraft
Uberminecraft.com;nooman
173.44.51.148;Town Prison Semi-OP Prison Server.
75.127.11.88;MineNerds 1.4.7
play.lundizcraft.com;Lundizcraft
85.236.102.68:27665;Creative Servers
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
192.210.234.83:25865;Top Life
mc.realmkeepers.net;RealmKeepers
build.capricatown.net;CapricaTown.net
deadpvp.com;Dead PvP
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
mc.bosspvp.com;BossCraft
198.27.83.111:25579;Robbin Craft
192.210.236.14:25765;RaidLegacy
gizmic.no-ip.org;gizmic.no-ip.org
176.31.215.150;Erogocraft
mc.snaz.com;Survival Of The Snaziest
badmothermc.no-ip.org;Bad Mother MC
142.4.62.130;DolphinPVP
bcmcnetwork.com;BCMC Network
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
realmsofminecraft.dyndns.org;TJSTALICA
nexus.verygames.net;nexus serveur
198.12.123.131;SinisterRealms Prison server
play.constantpvp.com;Stalicaisawesome
prisonlife.orangegaming.net;Orange's Prison Life
play.planetbeacon.com;Planet Beacon
66.225.231.138:26065;XyiniXCraft
192.210.233.118;Dragon Minecraft
198.12.123.154;Skillcraft
198.27.79.243;RebornPvP**Factions~
mc.leagueofminecraftia.com;League Of Minecraftia
mc-emerald.info;EmeraldWorld
pvp.convocraft.net;pvp.convocraft.net
192.210.234.14:25765;WTF Servers
PantheonCraft.com:25665;PantheonCraft
209.236.126.164;Esgaroth
mc.goldrealms.com;Start Wars
InfinityHub.Net;InfinityNetwork
infinityraid.net;Infinty Craft!
198.8.90.169;Racecraft2013
69.175.24.37;MelonNation!
192.210.233.149;Purpose Gaming
69.175.28.240;ImpirialCraft
209.140.26.240;TacticalGaming.net
72.51.46.225:26865;ClanCraft
69.175.5.200;kilburncraft
75.127.11.182;Fusion PvP!
216.53.213.123:25566;ManOfPaper's Minerholics
blockaholics.org;Blockaholics
drugs.convocraft.net;MINECRAFT DRUGS
Prison.FNGnation.net;FNG Correctional
69.160.47.8;GOMC
play.fc-sg.net;FameCraft | SurvivalGames
5.9.147.131:25581;Infinite Legends
198.23.148.88:25965;ZioMatrix
192.210.228.106;Revolution PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
raidinteam.voxelhosting.com:25575;RaidinTeam Faction PVP
8.6.75.214:25595;Tyleruhl's Server
192.210.194.93;Rising Hero
karateklubs.lv;KarateCraft
108.170.38.189;UltimateCraft
bukkit.mythic-world.com;Mythic World
mc.spacedoutservers.com;SpacedOutServers-Network
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
Prison.ObsidianPvP.Net;PrisonCraft
mc.kingkraft.net;KHAOTIC PvP
76.74.156.71:26465;Surviving Creatively
192.210.194.67:25865;ThunderCraft PVP
vikingcraft.us.to;VikingCraft
108.178.32.52;ChaoticCraft
mc.essencecraft.org;EssenceCraft
198.8.90.202;PioneerCraft
199.96.85.6:25571;CRAFTPVP
minecraftsmp.org;minecraftSMP
27.50.70.13:26165;Platinum Craft
minecraft.interdog.co.uk;Ender Craft
184.171.249.244;Godcraft Factions
96.127.131.89;PlayCraft
5.135.55.80;CelestrialMC
192.210.234.57:25865;Neon Dimension
rautamiekka.org;EpriMC
mc.masterminerz.com;MasterMinerZ - Faction/is
184.171.251.182;TradeCraft
MC-Kingdoms.com;MCKingdoms Survival Towny RPG
skywars.co;Skywars
5.9.158.149:25576;Keeny Kraft
volknation.mcserver.ws;VolkNation
66.150.214.247;Hyped Gaming Minecraft 
play.diamcraft.com;diamcraft
tx5.minecraftbox.com:26013;MineCraftBox
75.127.13.145;DruggedPvP
193.35.58.16:25569;StickyPiston
173.236.85.102;Bedrock Pvp
s6.dl-hosting.net:25569;Dice Craft
193.35.58.74:25571;Deluxe free build 24/7
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
198.136.52.198;DivineCraft
142.4.46.82:25720;Relaxcrafters
Supercraft.us;Supercraft
pvp.genesis-craft.nn.pe:25582;VenomRaidz
198.12.123.136;VastCraft
176.31.208.124;MOGG
184.171.253.210;Harlem Shake 
199.168.75.184;Fortune
flymc.net;FlyMC
216.53.213.123:25564;Minerholics
216.53.213.123:25566;Minerholics 2
216.53.213.123:25568;Minerholics 3
216.53.213.123:25570;Minerholics 4
216.53.213.123:25572;Minerholics 5
216.53.213.123:25574;Minerholics 6
216.53.213.123:25576;Minerholics 7
town.mcimc.net;ImmortalCraft
landsofvikings.ddns.net;LandOfVikings Survival server
NebulaArcade.ServeGame.com;Nebula Arcade
fami-net.dlinkddns.com;Have Rest, Dear!
play.sedexrsps.com;SedexCraft
198.8.95.210;G1R WarCraft
theelderrealms.nn.pe;TheElderRealms
193.35.58.74:25584;Rhulancorps Server
hc.lolpvp.com;PUSSY MAGNET HARDCORE PVP
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
endcraft.net;Endcraft.net
192.210.233.89;Mirza PvP
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
play.koolsource.com;KoolSource Multiverse
69.175.5.200;the kings hugger games
pvp.rockcraftpvp.com;RockCraft PvP
69.175.5.200;KilburnCraft
mc.arcanerealm.net;Arcane Realms
Mhkek.com;Mhkek
skyblock.net;free Admin join!
46.228.202.237;Minecraft Server mit PVP
mc.cube-network.de;Cube-Network
XeonBattle.co.uk;XeonBattle
BlackoutPVP.a2g.gs;Blackout PVP
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
HyperPvp.com;HyperGaming
209.105.236.239;DJcraft
blockpunchers.com;BlockPunchers
mcwitherpvp.org;WitherCraftPVP
mc.kercraft.com;KerCraft
mc.hvk-gaming.com;HvK-Realms
Play.liveSMP.net;LiveSMP.net
play.diamcraft.com;DIAMCRAFT
mc-lc.com;AS Paredes(original)
Connorcpu.net;Connorcpu
46.253.196.113:25865;StoryCraft
178.239.169.62:25569;UnicornCraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
184.95.34.98:25734;Pakocraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
play.sidezserver.com;The SidezServer
play.compulsivecraft.com;CompulsiveCraft
mc.ahoyworld.co.uk;AhoyWorld Survival
198.8.93.97;Mosscraft PVP
96.8.116.57;shadowlands-pvp
82.96.119.108:25665;BillyMays Server
node23.minecrafted.net:25619;SOM Minecraft!
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
69.175.36.136;Canadia
209.236.114.132;Notably Republic
184.154.92.25;Pootis Network!
minecraft.StratusCraft.com;StratusCraft
65.60.13.94;MetalPvP
199.229.251.225:25585;Pixelz Factions & PvP
173.236.123.198;Tcraft
play.monmatia.com;Monmatia
69.175.33.84;Creeper Craft
Buildlifeserver.servebeer.com;BuildLife
sg.keicraftmc.com;KeiCraft Hunger Games
78.129.165.105;Engima
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
85.236.102.65:26265;LalalandUK.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
192.210.232.140;Frost PvP
82.145.58.133;BlockedMC
taleotc.com;Tale of the Caves
wootenland.no-ip.org;Wooten Land
50.23.129.102:26965;Hard core griefing server
77.111.254.142;KingdomOf90Seas
66.85.160.6;GoCraft
vikingcraft.us.to;Viking Craft PVP
avalon.mcserver.ws;Avalon
play.blockfield.com;Blockfield Factions
27.50.70.10:29065;BoganCraft
198.23.247.79;Homicidal Kingdom
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
178.239.170.176:25598;DragloCraft 
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
mc.severepvp.net;SeverePvP Factions
216.231.128.100;Gold Craft
lowlifedivision.net:25566;Lowlife Division
85.236.102.40:26665;TeamFlame! 
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
192.210.232.183;Fyrcawk
192.211.62.136;SteamFactions!
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft
mc.taw.net;TAWcraft
Play.BizzCraft.Net;BizzCraft | Freebuild Survival 
originpvp.org;originpvp
192.211.62.136;SteamFacs
46.253.196.41:25865;NorwegianCrafters
66.85.128.98:25577;Quarry Forge
184.154.108.103;Legacy Craft
192.95.49.177;E&C-Survival [24/7[FIXED]
184.154.95.93;exvolotioncraft
198.49.66.113;StormCraft
mc.asia-craft.net;AsiaCraft
69.162.80.140;ElitePvP
27.50.71.14;MiniCraft-Mini Games
daparadise.com;DaParadise
play.America-Craft.com;America-Craft
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
skyblock.net;skyland
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
66.55.129.154:25965;Zone-Craft
69.27.127.229:25566;LavaCraft
77.111.237.200;ModernEmpire
184.154.11.3;Clipper PvP!
198.15.77.243;*****Parkour Server******
mc.lychnobi.com;Lychnobi.com: MC Server
192.210.230.176;BloodCraft
144.76.44.214;Tempest
198.15.77.131; Valkyrie PvP
5.39.38.204;CaveCraft
sg.noble-craft.net;Noble Craft Survival Game
mc-ph.com;Pixelhoster
enchantedpvp.net;EnchantedPVP
77.111.246.113;RejectGamers PVP 24/7
216.172.108.170;Draco Minecraft
play.eternityfactions.gameserv.co;Eternity Factions
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
27.254.65.118;Minecraft-NsetDragon
98.173.129.23;AWESOME PVP!!! :)
206.217.130.173;Hybrid Pvp
mc.gamerscove.net;Gamerscove
72.46.128.62;ChaosCraft Prison
articlesofmine.no-ip.org;Articles of Mine
play.sai-craft.net;SaiCraft
185.12.111.6;EfsaneCraft
SwegCreative.mcserver.ws;SwegCreative
69.162.80.140;EliteCraft
mc.wizmogaming.org;Wizmogaming
94.23.157.198;Carden777, Ipr0james
bukkit.amestria.com:25665;Amestria
meamphthminecraft.no-ip.org;meampth
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
91.121.79.177:25589;Freedom Village
193.35.58.39:25592;TreeCraft
37.59.178.15;EldoronCraft
factions.passionpvp.com;PassionPvP
deathproof.mcfrag.net:25765;DeathProof-PVP
178.20.170.145;QNetwork
lifecraftgames.com;Lifecraft
216.185.114.83:25665;-|GV|- Minecraft
69.27.127.172:25566;BuildMeAhouse.UK
46.20.1.69;Nice ONLINE
77.111.251.109;Techcraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
play.stormofblocks.co.uk;StormOfBlocks
193.35.58.16:25569;StickyPiston
178.32.188.184;RAGE CRAFT
mc.razorpvp.ca;RazorPvP
Mc.Voxela.Net;Voxela
69.27.127.184;CraftSociety
124.188.69.12;Wolfden
play.darthcraft.net;DarthCraft
82.96.119.95:25665;Superawsumfuntime
mc.goldrealms.com;MOJANG BRUTAL Starwars
5.9.39.181:25755;[DK] CurseCraf. Factions-
SG.Wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
216.52.63.8;RagePVP
198.24.141.66;AwesomeCraft 
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
46.105.237.96;W
198.12.70.49;Fantasy Craft
rp.gazamo.com;A'therys Ascended
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
RadiatedNetwork.com;Radiated   Network
co-mc.com;CryptedOp
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
ucraftu2.us.to;Unity Craft U2
46.105.237.96;Water craft
176.31.208.124;Vandershire
mc.epitopica.com;Epitopca
208.115.247.164:25597;Reapercraft Hunger Games
mc.chillspot.elementfx.com:25961;Chillcraft
mc.squaremc.dk;squaremc
74.143.37.102;CZ Craft
play.mc-sc.net;StrikeCraft
184.154.41.141;MJPvP
mc-gladecraft.com;GladeCraft
78.129.128.175;Royal Bases
play.techcraft.me;TechCraft
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
216.172.107.237;Up and Rising
192.210.230.146;Funk Prison
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
66.85.148.226:25581;Zombie Inc.
209.236.126.219;wither realms
play.insanity-craft.com;Insanity Craft Factions PVP
93.91.250.129:27720;PvProgres - McMMo,Faction
69.175.52.20;AnnihilationCraft
3.Wc-Mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
3.Wc-Mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mineclash.gameserv.co;MINECLASH
8.6.75.214:25595;Tyleruhl's Server
192.210.136.232:25665;Miner's League
75.127.12.83;Skycraft
46.228.206.191;Legendcraft
twgs.thewebgamer.net;TWG Survival
twgs.thewebgamer.net;The Web Gamer Server
survival.gogogamers.net;Survival - GOGOgamers.cz
82.192.76.211:25616;Zen
75.127.0.102:25665;Hollywood pvp
69.175.36.42;RVL-CRAFT
216.172.99.195:26027;Dirpfie Minecraft
sv.armycraft.es;ArmyCraft
jungle.worldonecraft.com;World One Craft
SG.Wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
192.227.136.38:25965;FactionCraft
46.105.237.96;Water Craft
mc-prophecyworld.com;Prophecy World
198.136.52.218;NoobCraftd Server
193.35.58.26:25571;AffinityCraft
64.237.33.170:28165;Multiplay GodlyCraft
184.171.253.216;Dark-Castle IV
mc.g2niverse.com;G2niverse
198.154.105.239;[1.4.7] ÏChunkWarsÏ 
46.105.151.118;ScarletClotSurvival
play.jrcraft.net;JRCraft
mc.nextpvp.com;Nextpvp - Factions - PvP - Raiding
192.210.228.184;Faceless Minecraft
192.95.22.238;RulerCraft
VeridianCraft.minecrafted.net:25569;VeridianCraft
kingdoms-mc.nn.pe:25581;Treecraft
sos.songoda.com;Songoda
75.127.11.82;SerfCraft
152.111.192.245:28965;SouthAfrica
fortminecraft.com;Fort Minecraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
85.236.102.8:26265;Phoenix Craft!
mc.redfoxgaming.net;RedFoxMC
75.127.11.83;SkyCraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
67.212.177.157;Atomic Craft
192.95.52.160;[MineHavoc] NO RULES!!!
vanilla.volumecraft.com;VolumeCraft sVanilla
85.236.100.210:26165;GemauGames
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
killcraft.thisweekinminecraft.com:25600;Killcraft!
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
lavafalls.no-ip.org;Lava Falls
109.169.12.186;Olympia - FactionsPvP
64.34.161.200:26065;Fun|PvP World|Economy|
75.102.46.72:25765;Daggercraft
192.95.48.153;ReziCraft
192.210.233.69;Ace of Cakes
77.111.241.44;MythologyCraft
37.59.192.206;SarmaCraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
pvp.mcbestcraft.net;McBestcraft PvP
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
199.188.103.177;CollCraft
hg1.pvpkillz.com;hg1.pvpkillz.com
216.104.36.110;Bigg's Faction Server
46.105.246.203;CrafterGaming
198.23.148.84:25665;CarbonCraft
mc.surviv4l.com;FullEqualitySurvival
hub.citi-build.com;Citi-Build
drknature.zapto.org;Drknature
sandstormpvp.com;SandStormPVP
play.infiniteminecraft.com;InfiniteMinecraft 
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft
mc.exileservers.com;Exile Servers Test Server
199.202.218.157;NamaiCraft
mc-hg.org;Hunger
192.210.194.84:25965;Craftoholic
super-earth.net;SUPER-EARTH
192.227.136.38:25665;LegendaryCraft
pvp.infiniteitems.net;InfiniteItems
pvp.infiniteitems.net;InfiniteItems PvP
192.210.194.117:25865;Twin Kingdoms
82.192.76.211;BananaPrison
192.95.29.31:25572;ButterCraft-12 Slots!
82.145.58.129;Imaoaas
192.210.194.119:25865;CrusaderCraft
hg.keicraftmc.com;survival/hunger/creative
minehost66.host-unlimited.de:25750;iCraft
192.210.194.84:25965;Craftoholic PVP 1.4.7
withercarnival.org;WitherCarnival 
198.49.65.25;Dark Memories
mc.trinity-mc.net;TrinityMC
108.61.9.77;YourCraft Factions
cobbleforest.com;Cobbleforest 
199.188.103.189;Kingzcrafting
Node1.Minecrafted.Net:25628;Elite Warz
198.12.123.239;Dropraid
play.inceptum.us;Inceptum
play.zombiemanic.com;Zombie Manic
mc.legio-umbra.eu;Legio Umbra Minecraft
mc.g4m.es;G4m.es
playdreamcraft.servegame.com;Dreamcraft
originpvp.org;originpvp
heroesofthestorms.fmc.pw;Heroes Of The Storms
108.163.239.13;BlazingShaft
Hoezay.tk;HoezayCraft
s1.mc-legends.net;Minecraft Legends
mc.frostcraft.com;FrostCraft
78.129.128.22;Avix Server
creepernation.zapto.org;creepernation
66.85.146.234:33708;Replex Craft
skyblock.no-ip.org;skyblock
play.ftww.info;Ftww
terramining.zapto.org:53565;Terramining
193.35.58.41:25588;EternalCraft
193.84.64.34;Mc.JGaming.Ro
77.111.198.199;Adenia
mc.dutchempirelol.com;Dutch Empire
medievalmine.net;MedievalMine
78.129.128.21;Thundercraft
75.127.11.165;AciesPVP
198.23.247.109;NeoCraft
192.95.60.184;Legendary Wars
play.craftshark.net;CraftShark
184.171.249.242;Warriors - Fading Echos
198.136.52.210;Tamko-Craft
75.127.11.116;Endurance-PVP
102nd.us.to;102ndCraft
193.35.58.41:25588;EternalCraft
81.19.217.225:27560;Raised Fist - 1.6
williaman.mine.nu;CityCraft
craftmines.net;Craft Mines
diamondshrine.com;DiamondShrine
ancientshores.com;Ancient Shores
193.35.58.41:25588;EternalCraft
198.144.181.201:25570;SuperDog PvP/Factions
95.143.206.151:26565;Faction_Craft!
192.210.233.62;SollowPVP
MC.CEDARCRAFT.ORG;cedarcraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
suzymc.co.uk;InfiniTeam
little-craft.net;LittleCraft
Play.WrathPVP.com;WrathPVP
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
play.diamcraft.com;diamcraft
198.144.179.236;JawsCraft
24.19.106.24;BI-build
109.169.58.242;Oldscroats World
94.23.6.25;MilkShakeCraft
villermen.com;villermen.com
pvpmg.net;InfinityPvP
PigPvP.com;Pig Network
198.12.66.84;TMB PRISON
cookiecraft.crabdance.com;Cookiecraft
85.131.240.182;DiaKraft wo dias droppen
85.236.102.10:30565;ODGaming HardCore PvP 
takingflight.phoenyx.net:25580;Taking Flight
hungergames-minecraft.de;Hungergames-Minecraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
SG.Wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
vanilla.raskulous.com;Mine, Build, Die, Repeat!
SG.Wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
193.35.58.41:25588;ModernCraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
69.175.43.111;DemoncraftMC
mc.xpbuild.com;xP// Build
SG.Wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
198.23.247.77;Hexcraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
godcraftmc.com;GODCRAFT
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
192.210.230.164;Crusade Dynasty
198.27.83.111;JJCraft
mcbuffalo.com;MCBuffalo
66.85.178.90;InfinityCraftFTW
66.85.187.5;DawnZ
server.worldavalon.eu;World Avalon
8.2.122.214;MCDoomCraft
78.129.128.91;XiledLands
scavengercraft.com;DarkSwader
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
mc.othercraft.net;OtherCraft
mynecraft.servegame.com;SuperHeroCraft
192.95.29.31:25572;ButterCraft 24/7
198.24.166.242:25752;Realms-Craft
192.95.29.31:25572;Drop Party every 12 hours
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
192.95.29.31:25572;Drop Party Every 12 hours
192.95.29.31:25572;ButterCraft EPICSERVER
192.95.29.31:25572;Drop Party every 12hours!
192.95.29.31:25572;MinecraftFunServer!
192.95.29.31:25572;Noobscraft
198.154.103.234;GodzGaming
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
dascompany.apmx.net;Dascompany
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
72.222.130.39;MCHeroes
Chaincraft.net;Chaincraft
m.pulsecraft.org;pulce craft
75.127.13.169;Legend Helm
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
diamondshrine.com;DiamondShrine
192.95.29.31:25572;BLAHHCRAFT
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
smashcraft.org;SmashCraft
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
play.empire-pvp.com;Empire PvP
play.empire-pvp.com;Empire PvP
75.102.27.36:25570;EliteTowny
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
199.188.103.210;Dark Prison
192.95.29.31:25572;BooCraft
192.95.29.31:25572;BossCraft
199.188.101.23;LegacyPvP
192.95.29.31:25572;Hacksource Official!
199.188.101.23;LegacyPvP
192.95.29.31:25572;AwesomeMCServer
173.236.60.84;VictusMC
192.210.238.22:25665;HYPERCRAFT
mc-hg.org;Hunger Games(MC Zone)
play.blazelite.com;Blazelite Cops and Robbers Server
minecraft.slimecraftsurvival.com;SlimeCraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
37.59.192.196;New World Server
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
dasypygal.dyndns.org;War445's Epic Server
198.154.120.46;MC.ZICCORP.WS
184.154.181.190;AdventurerCraft
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
prison.influxgaming.net;Influx Penitentiary
play.mcredemption.org;RedemptionMC
142.4.46.82:25699;NullCraft 
Legacyraids.net;Legacy Networks
198.49.65.54;Midas
Play.Mc-Drugs.com;Mc-Drugs
play.severepvp.net;SeverePVP
199.116.117.147;CannabisCraft Tekkit 3.1.
67.180.243.9;Vanilla PVP Grief
play.minecraft-romania.com;Play.Minecraft-Romania.Com
ChainCraft.org;test
mc.blood-cloud.com;Blood Cloud
fun.minecraft-romania.com;FUN.MINECRAFT-ROMANIA.COM
mcasylum.gameserv.co;MC Asylum
pvp.endersouls.com;Endersouls 
server.chunk.cz;Chunk
95.143.206.135:27765;MultiCraft
192.95.29.31:25572;AmazingCraft 24/7
69.27.127.237:25566;FutureCraftomania
66.85.178.90;InfinityCraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
108.178.35.250;Velanorcraft
198.24.162.7;JustARaid
198.12.70.39;LegacyPvP
s26.hosthorde.com:25586;Terra World
192.210.194.115;EvoCraft Online
85.131.185.24;ObsidianGround
minehost19.host-unlimited.de:25750;Freebuild/DiamondCraft
78.129.165.190;Blurbcraft
MC.bitvegas.net;BitVegas
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
99.198.120.70;Union-PvP
mc.itseternal.com;MCEternal
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
deviantevil.net;Deviant Evil
skyblock.net;skyblock
mc.pixel-addiction.net:25566;Pixel Addiction
mc.iceycraft.org;Iceycraft
66.85.168.170:25576;MinecraftCJ.com.ar SP
82.145.53.235;Cloudcraft
thelegitsociety.no-ip.org;TheLegitSociety
raremc.com;Rarecraft.com.au
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
199.231.84.100;DivineCraft
mc.mentalworld.org;mentalworld
192.95.29.31:25572;ButterCraftMC
192.95.29.31:25572;AWESOMECRAFT 24/7
192.95.29.31:25572;ABCCRAFT
wallsmc.com;walls
50.31.24.21:25570;Elite PVP Factions
69.175.47.123;DarkMine FallCraft
mcswag.com;SWAGGIEST SERVER 24/7 
teamcraftserver.com;TeamCraft
198.154.105.227;Finally Minecraft
mc.lunarcraft.tk;Better Lunar Craft
198.15.78.238;CrazyCraft
minecraft.ultimategamers.de;UltimateGamers.de
spil.eversun.dk;EverSun.dk
85.236.102.10:28165;Vanilla Dimensions
94.23.211.77:25581;SJCraft
minecraft.thatdorkyguy.com;ThatDorkyGuy - Mindcrack
46.253.196.49:25665;NPCrafters 24/7 FACTION
sneakattackcraft.com;SneakAttackCraft
play.afternoonteacraft.info;Afternoon Teacraft
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
wallsmc.com;The Walls
sd1.playeoe.com;Search& Destroy
198.24.163.10;PvP Euphoria | 24/7 |
184.154.103.114;Barony Of Steam
copycraft.gameserv.co;Copycraft
mc.madgaming.eu;minecraft server
PvP.DynastyAu.Net;Dynasty Australia
server.konsider.com;Konsider's Server 24/7
64.74.111.39;PlatinumSMP
ks.gl;Kitchen Sink
Lobby.Emperion.eu;CityBuild - PvP - Server
macsurvival.no-ip.org;CronusCraft
swordandbownetwork.nn.pe:25576;Sword and Bow Network
192.210.232.243;Hardline PvP
play.mcffa.net;mcffa
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
85.131.227.69;AlfaCraft
macsurvival.no-ip.org;macraft 
play.savagerealms.net;Savage Realms
192.210.232.82;bbarker99's Server
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
play.lost-islands.info;Lost Islands
mc4.speedgaming.pro:25685;StoryCraft
198.24.161.125;SquirrelCraft
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
68.40.114.25:9797;SONY CRAFT
b.wallsmc.com;Walls
37.59.137.203;Super Craft
play.milkycraft.net;Milkycraft
smp.hydrocitygaming.com;Hydrocity Gaming
199.188.103.209;Xplorerscraft
69.175.55.54;Concept Craft
RefinedPVP.net;RefinedPVP.net |Factions|
play.ordonmc.com;Ordon
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
8.6.3.27:25575;NEWFALCONRISE
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
108.60.193.139:25925;Llama Mindcrack
mc.novalum.net;Novalum
play.diamcraft.com;diamcraft
play.herocrafters.co.uk;Herocrafters
mc.craftown.it;Craftown
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
192.210.233.156;MultiPvP
play.the10kings.com;The10Kings
192.210.194.121:25865;McDestiny
www.javasteam.com;Thaumatta
78.129.128.21;ThunderCraft
play.berserkpvp.net;BerserkPVP
94.23.211.77:25566;Vao Craft
198.23.247.115;Legend Gaming
play.vcserver.org;VoidCraft  Servers
85.236.102.10:26465;Shrapnel PVP
SMP1.SpendLitecoins.Com;Planet Blocky
192.95.29.31:25572;CoolCraft-LookingForStaff
192.95.29.31:25572;CoolCraft-LookingForStaff
192.95.29.31:25572;TrolCraft-LookingForStaff
192.95.29.31:25572;DonatersGetOP!
mc.infinityrealmspvp.us.to;Infinity Realms PVP
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
legitpvp.us;Legit Pvp
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
pvpcraft.cyberofficer.com;PvpCraft
play.minekorner.com;Mine Korner
176.31.215.148;VeluxPvP
198.23.148.110;Gangsta Craft
78.129.165.209;Miners and crafters.
94.23.1.6:25587;TheCave
192.95.29.31:25572;DonatersGetOP
144.76.34.200:25576;Acidcraft 24/7
192.95.29.31:25572;TrolCraft-LookingForStaff
minecraft.isachsen.org;Minecraft Awesome Server
NexusRealms.net;NexusRealms
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
69.175.47.124;BeastCraft
77.111.194.52;Ironpvp
69.175.17.15;FadeCraftPvp
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
198.50.161.124;OverCraft
play.kingozzy.com;Westeros 
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
216.172.108.94;McRehab
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
MC-PRS.COM;Pure Realms Survival
37.59.192.195;Pony Paradise
mc.hc-craft.com;HC-Craft
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
66.85.187.27;PurePvP
192.210.229.61;LittleBigCraft KIT ARENA 
192.210.236.8:25765;Headcraft
198.49.65.25;!Control Points!
AC.CubicPvP.net;CubicPVP Assassins creed
mine.voidteam.net;VoidTeam Community
184.171.253.216;Dark-Castle IV
198.12.70.72;skilled survival
Haven-Craft.Com;Haven
178.33.213.155;McUltraPvp
198.167.136.20;TeraKraft 24/7 Survival
108.60.193.139:26225;Bukkit II
server.ancientminers.de;AncientMiners
ultramc.tk;UltraPvP
minederp.com;Minederp
198.12.127.112;AliedGamerz
pvp.gontroller.com;Gontroller
mc.phantompvp.net;lll- Raiding - PvP - SetW
96.236.16.59;Bio-Craft
minecraft.twocash.com;âºTwoCashâº
85.236.100.111:27665;Rexi_Mania
193.35.58.68:25592;Epic MC
mc.phillipsdata.com;HostMaster's Minecraft
185.12.111.6;EfsaneCraft!
funkdrugs.us.to;Funk Drugs
pvp.s4ytube.com.br;PVP-s4ytube
Uberminecraft.com;Ladies man 2177
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
193.35.58.69:25582;Skyland Survival
108.174.60.14:25865;PvP kingdom
108.163.239.20;CivilizationWarz
64.237.33.170:25965;_Cascade_
198.23.148.205:25765;WackiesCraft
MinecraftHG.com;Minecraft Hunger Games
64.31.60.219;Free Op For TEKKIT!
howemedia.homeserver.com;Coolcraft
damnedpvp.mcph.co:48889;Damned PvP
108.163.239.27;Chronic Craft
198.49.66.113;Stormcraft
civilizationcraft.gameserv.co;CivilizationCraft
server.empirecraft.lv;EmpireCraft
kitpvp.us;Minecraft Server
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
pvp.mcwarzone.com;MCWarzone
109.169.12.218;RubixCraft
77.111.197.59;WeeksMinecraft
192.210.228.174;FunkyTown
nebulosa.mccraft.us;Nebulosa!
188.165.217.14:25567;buttercactus
www.cibergamers.net:25567;CiberGamers
82.96.119.95:25665;Superawsumfuntime
82.145.58.118;Low Level Craft
node14.minecrafted.net:25578;Smile's Network
revelrygaming.com;RevelryGaming
jdbmcraft.com;JDBM Craft
Craftera.com;Craftera
Rieskacraft.net:80;Rieskacraft
indieblock.mccraft.us;indieBlock 3.0
mc.nofftopia.com;Nofftopia
mc.makeitonthe.net:10176;Makeitonthenet
216.172.108.58;cubez-craft
198.24.162.90:25572;MineCraftAdvanced
27.50.71.197;OzzCraftMVServer 1.5!
46.253.196.89:25865;AwesomeCraft [Survival] 
192.210.229.149;Desolation
medievalminecraft.net;MedievalMC
5.135.55.66;SemiColonCraft
minecraft.as;Minecraft AS
minecraft-topservers.de;Glowarion
mc.nanoy.org;Unknown Kismet
rpg.savagerealms.net;Savage RPG
utterlicious.mcpro.co;Utterlicious
mc.ruin.cc;Ruin Universe
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
108.61.44.130;Ninja Creed
play.sgpvp.net;SGPvP
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
play.xerocraft.ca:8124;Xerocraft
mc.utopia-craft.net;Utopia Craft
66.71.252.74;Creeper Crack
192.210.143.7;Hysteria PVP
hg1.matacubos.es;Hg Matacubos
184.171.253.216;Dark-Castle IV
prison.TechGE3Ks.com;PrisonTech
sanctum-mc.com;Sanctum Minecraft
server.MCToyBox.com;MCToyBox
193.35.58.53:25574;TheCGGTheory
69.27.127.244:25568;SquidCraft
play.minecraftamerica.com;Minecraft America
pvp.worldscapemc.com;WorldScape2
griefrevolution.com;Griefcity
shusky.de;ShuskyÂ´s Minecraft Server
37.157.252.240;World of Nowhere
play.sircraft.net;SirCraft
cosmicadventure.net;CosmicAdventure
198.154.113.28;EternalCraft  [Cookiez!]
69.27.127.186:25572;Oldscroats World
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
yukkaftb.mcserver.ws;YukkaCraft
joycraft.mcserver.ws;Joy Craft
68.44.117.233;BaconCraft
174.138.171.122:59183;Jurassicraft
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
192.210.230.187;BoD (Spout)(GUNS)(24/7)
192.69.206.179;Disobey Craft
mc.viruscraft.beastnode.net;VirusCraft
192.69.206.179;Disobey Craft
199.188.101.15;Kingdom Craft
108.163.212.4;Divine Craft
tekkit.dakotageng.com;Pvp Palooza
216.172.107.220;Frabin
198.136.52.214;Bearcraft 3.0
75.127.13.60;VanHoute's Survival Serve
magicpawn.myvnc.com;Payaso Server
lite.technomc.co.uk;TechnoMC
198.24.163.210;LoveMuffinPvP
server.mctoybox.com;MCToyBox
minebuilders.me;Minebuilders
play.kainekraft.com;Kaine Kraft Universe 2.0
77.111.240.20;CandyPvP
spluton.mooo.com;SPluton Server
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
mc.rubycraft.net;RubyCraft
pvp.convocraft.net;ConvoCraft EPIC PVP
Server.CraftedMovie.Com;CraftedMovie
75.127.11.121;BlueReef 
teefuscraft.no-ip.org;TeefusCraft
hg.minetastic.info;Minetastic - Hunger Games
78.143.21.44;Cake Dimensions
famecraft.org;FameCraft Hub
216.172.108.182;GuidoCraft
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
198.24.162.210;DarknessCraft
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
198.12.123.114;Anti-Craft
192.210.234.45:25865;BubbleCraft Tekkit Server
lostislands.org;HG
192.210.233.57;prodoe
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
newrealms.mcdl.us;NewRealms
Flcl.pwnz.org;Pandacraft 4.0
jacksonflores.com;True Survival Difficulty3
play.evolutionpvp.com;EvolutionPvP
199.188.101.15;KingdomCraft
play.lichcraft.com;free for all
216.172.106.195;AstroCraft
mc.rubycraft.net;RubyCraft
192.210.233.20;PvPGods
play.diamcraft.com;Closed
mc.javalegacy.com;JavaLegacy Network
Play.MDCraft.info;MDCraft
86.127.112.111;Linkmania Minecraft
198.12.125.178;Goldengaming
173.224.222.5;Otherland
85.190.132.140;DiscoverCraft[PvP][PvM]
85.131.238.162;Ultimate Hungergames
Butterminecraft.com;Butterminecraft
198.24.162.90:25637;Catscraft
5.9.158.149:25597;Alad-Craft
193.35.58.58:25579;TheFrontLine
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
87.98.218.141;Nekocraft
play.mclegend.com;MCLegend
66.85.160.18:25585;SmallCraft
192.210.234.69:25665;Plugz Craft
198.12.125.227;UniversalPvP
192.111.132.100;Skyrimtech
192.210.233.88;PROMINER PVP/FACTION1.4.7
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
play.fatcreeper.com;Fatcreeper Raid
66.225.198.182:25575;ToxicCraft
192.210.238.9:25765;RailStone
174.138.171.122:59183;Jurassicraft
tobypc.com;TobyPC Minecraft
198.12.125.178;GoldenGamingPvP
mcwrathpvp.com;Wrathpvp
75.127.11.89;Skilled PvP
184.154.195.202:25705;LolliCraft
mcsimplegaming.com;Minecraft/MC Simple Gaming 
mc.anothersky.us;AnotherSky
mc.ekstemicraft.com;EkstemiCraft
mc.minetsii.es;MinETSII
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
mine5.minecraft.to;mine 5
play.doragoncraft.com:25566;DoragonCraft
212.233.195.161;ThunderGaming
69.175.24.54;WookZ
198.154.97.193;House of Targaryen
192.95.30.125:25567;ImmersionCraft
198.15.77.249;DemonCraft
hub.cheesium.com;Cheesium Cloud
RadiatedNetwork.com;Radiated Network
actionpvp.net;actionpvp
68.229.241.151;Gallifrey
MineZillian.us.to:47569;MineZillian
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
31.7.176.176;GoldCraftMc
ketkucraft.verygames.net;Ketkucraft FactionPVP!
mc.prica.ee;Prica Minecraft Server
63.143.45.11;TacoAzul
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
193.35.58.6:25597;Elderon
YingYangPvP.x64.me;Yingyangpvp
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
198.12.66.146;Mult1Cr4ft
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
81.30.154.175;SoundCraft - Survival
mc.ultimaterealm.us;Ultimate Realm
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mc.sychrovnet.cz:25321;Sychrovnet.cz
188.165.3.36;BallaghCraft
dascompany.apmx.net;DAScraft
server.cube-network.de;Cube-Network
178.32.254.46;GoldenCraft
pvp.gontroller.com;Gontroller PvP
CivilizationCraftMC.gameserv.co;CivilizationCraft
63.143.45.11;TacoAzul
islandmc.net;IslandMC
198.23.148.168:25865;PvpFTWCraft
mc.fortresswars.com;Fortress Wars
173.236.123.216;Diverse Craft
185.16.85.149;The Minefrag Survival Server
108.174.59.203;AxioCraft
78.129.165.226;Planet Creeper Server
survival.mcevil.com;McEvil Survival Server
142.4.223.103;CityCraft
server.mcjailed.com;Jailed
dc-mc.co;DerpCraft
cubecraftz.mcserver.ws;CubeCraftz
mc.w3k.id.au;World of Ur
terranova.mcserver.ws;Terra Nova
192.95.29.130:25566;MyoGaming
193.84.64.74;legends
193.84.64.74;.1legends
37.110.88.191;Asket`s server
198.23.148.168:25865;PvpFTWCraft
208.167.250.117:25585;DoomedCraft
198.23.130.217;Extreme Survival
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP [1.5]
198.23.148.168:25865;PvpFTWCraft
82.77.58.36;TEKKIT.OLIMPUSHD.RO
thecityservers.com;TCSG - Skyblock Survival
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
Uberminecraft.com;wow4201
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
minecraft.labsmoke.com;Labsmoke
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
37.59.237.239;BozzPvPÂ¨1.5!
92.240.236.19:25598;aNathrax-Team.eu
198.23.154.185;Zendercraftpvp
play.tactilecraft.com;TactileCraft
modembug.com;Modembug
uberminecraft.com;dodgey9095
sp-mc.net;minecraft.com
sp-mc.net;minecraft.com
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
SG.Wc-Mc.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
173.236.60.84;VitalFactions
65.60.15.93;EmpireCraft
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
pvp.arsonicgaming.net;Arsonic Gaming PvP
play.alienescape.net;Alien Escape
198.23.148.168:25865;PvpFTWCRAFT
198.23.148.168:25865;PvpFTWCraft
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
77.111.253.45;MildSeven FFA Community
198.15.127.114:25659;NellyCraft
176.9.30.5:25568;MasterCraft
5.39.38.196;VoidPvP
69.175.9.11;MinecraftServer
69.162.81.168:23224;HerpityDerp
mc.team-sync.us:25591;|TeamSync|
play.hmcpvp.com;HMCPvP Factions&Minigames
skyblock.net;SkyBlock
192.210.228.104;The Last Cookie
64.31.58.227;Nortex Survival [1.5] 
69.175.19.242;LightningCraft
play.piratesage-mc.com;PiratesAge MC
75.127.11.219;Emerald Heights
85.131.184.186;Mine4ever
74.63.213.54;SidePvP
psionisis.com;Psionisis
199.188.103.177;Dark ages role-play/pvp
198.12.126.163;-={MassacrePvP}=-
libelula.me;Libelula V2
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
75.127.5.122;Vizioville
MonarchCraft.co.uk;MonarchCraft
mc.furypvp.net;The World of Fury
86.48.54.195;Denseje
hub.swarlocraft.com;Swarlocraft
184.154.103.121;Cwazy Craft Factions 24/7
mc.idcraft.org;IDCraft
142.4.36.76;RamenCraft
199.188.101.30;Chalishard Mob Arenas
198.12.126.164;IndyCraft
192.95.20.156;SurvivalFreedom
216.172.108.187;MooshServers
uSkyblock.net;Free MC account & more!
F-C-N.us.to;F-C-N Server
85.236.101.15:30065;PvPWarz
198.24.164.67;Cyber-Craft
198.49.65.22;KingdomCraft
MattTech.Net;MattCraft
play.fuzegaming.net;FuzeGaming
75.127.11.156;JungleGoons
nortexsurvival.co;Nortex Survival
76.189.14.46:7777;My Crap!
5.39.103.198;Legendary Adventures
173.236.51.53;New New Canada
daedragodz.com;DaedraCraft
mc.universalcraft.co.uk;UniversalCraft
mc.addstar.com.au;Addstar MC
216.172.107.242;Pro Craft
109.169.12.213;SGG Custom Factions War
37.59.237.246;PanicPvP
nl-30.fragnet.net:25665;Crew For Guts
198.24.162.106;Crafter180
208.115.247.169;IllestCraft
rw-mc.com;RaidWars
77.111.196.7;RevolutionCraftPT
87.98.195.12:25665;MC JL Craft
192.210.232.245;UniteMC
69.65.42.230:29165;Jacocraft
192.210.195.134;Crafters Academy
64.34.198.200:25865;PheonixCrafters
skyblock.net;skyblock
chillspot.org;ChillCraft
82.145.58.108;Bending legends
192.111.142.177;PyroCraft Skyblock
69.175.24.39;SandCraft
46.228.201.12;Starcraft
funbuild.sytes.net;FunBuild
46.32.233.199;orthodox-gaming [1.5]
198.24.173.107;EnderWorld
85.236.101.15:30065;EpicCraft
198.154.110.38;Indica Cloud
192.210.232.120;McRevengePvP
192.210.236.38:25865;MM-Craft
falconcraft.a2g.gs;Falcon Craft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
ras.mine.bz;Ras Minecraft
infernalrealms.mcserver.ws;INFERNAL REALMS MMORPG
188.138.100.228:25576;Mallocraft
Uberminecraft.com;Ubermineraft Cloud
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft Cloud
pvp.nightsworld.com;NightsWorld PvP Servers
SparfCraft.gameserv.co;SparfCraft
198.23.148.76:25765;Weeac(swedish server)
winthier.com;Winthier
192.95.30.76:25566;LilCraft
hungerbrasil.servegame.com;HungerBrasil Minecraft
mc.realitynetgaming.com;Reality Craft
24.108.67.81;Triliscon Tekkit-Lite
192.95.30.76:25566;Lil-Craft!
1.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mc.killerzcraft.net;KillerzCraft
alticraft.mcserver.ws;AltiCraft
lostplanetmc.no-ip.org;LostPlanetMc
checkmine.multiplayerbrasil.com.br;Checkmine
192.210.232.122;BossCraft
69.175.46.240;PythonCraft
play.gotpvp.com;pvp
play-skyblock.com;lichcraft
184.95.39.156;darknesssurvival
play.prospercraft.com;ProsperCraft Network
mcriotcraft.com;Riotcraft
play.lastsurvivors.dk:25566;Last Survivors
mc.stickpvp.com;Stick PVP
mc.german-mine.net;German-mine
play.wecraft.nl;WeCraft
78.129.128.186;DiscoCraft
46.32.233.199;Orthodox-Gaming
Uberminecraft.com;Hunger Games
76.72.166.108;SupaCraft 
198.23.148.166:25765;Minecraft Platinum PvP
69.162.81.168:23224;HerptyDerpTG
96.8.112.38;KraveKraft
199.188.103.177;Dark Ages Role Play PvP
198.136.52.214;Bearcraft
1.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
killedbymonkeys.de;Killedby Minecraft
mc.nova-craft.net;Nova Craft
76.72.166.108;SupaCraft
46.253.196.83:25865;Corecraft.se
mc.blockodyssey.com;blockodyssey
85.190.143.63;PVPFighters.minecraft.to
192.210.230.169;Immortal Craft
78.129.128.235;Muffincraftreborn
mc-gtb.com;GTB Minecraft
mc.tynscraft.com;Tynscraft Network
DistrictPvP.com;DistrictPvP
mine.fobala.com;fobala
mc.risenphoenix.net;Risen Phoenix
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
198.49.65.28;Exoticpvp
Arindale.pl;Arindale
play.voidpvp.org;VoidPvP
mc-party.net;Mc-Party
37.59.84.31:25575;Survival Fun 
Gizmic.no-ip.org;Gizmic
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
skywars.co;SkyWars
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
cucamongameadows.net;Cucamonga Meadows
ronsworld.mcph.co:25815;CSU
120.146.184.200;RIPLEYCRAFT
play.diamcraft.com;Diamcraft
192.210.232.151;Terra Craft
75.127.12.74;Bows n' Roses 
96.8.119.86;MafiaRealms
play.unitymc.net;UnityMC
192.210.218.235:25665;DoozyCraft
mc.linkycraft.net;minecraft666
192.210.232.190;5th Avenue - Factions
pvp.korators.com;Alessyo
minecraft.bredland.no;Bredland
198.12.123.252;LegendaryRaid
balsca.co.uk;Safehouse Survival
cubicto.serverminer.com:25672;CUBICTO.com
mc1.woutwoot.com;WoutWoot's MC server
198.24.162.212;Dynasty PvP
theInstitution.me;TheInstitution SurvivalSG
192.210.233.156;Multi PvP
76.72.175.54:25651;SkyNation PvP
82.96.119.109:25665;EmeraldBattleCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
server.suttbecks.com;Suttbecks Adventures
85.236.100.111:25665;communal
theresistancecraft.no-ip.org;ResistanceCraft
64.34.198.200:25865;Phoenixcrafters
192.95.30.76:25566;Lil-Craft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
Blendercraft.a2g.gs;BlenderCraft
70.190.140.223;Monster Craft
198.23.247.68;ReaperzCraft-FactionsPvp
188.165.158.173;Budder Craft
95.141.41.149:26265;[SloCraft]
mc.tankpvp.com;TankPVP
play.everythingsurvival.net;Cops and Robbers
198.27.83.111:25596;RomeCraft
minerap.com;Miner Apocalypse 
184.154.185.242;Hoddie Craft 
172.245.215.211;RevCorpMC
85.131.221.16;Deadkiller Towny [CRACKET
play.thepvpkings.org;ThePvpKings
85.236.109.81:28265;allcraft
eccraft.minecraft.to;Epic Creeper Craft
balkancraft-mc.info;BalkanCraft
184.95.39.149;TwinBlades
69.175.121.179;theRefractorz
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
188.165.213.155;JB's Survival Vanilla[UK]
mcc.2mcc.com;2mcc
rw-mc.com;Raidwars
minecraftserver.com;Minecraft Server
minecraftserver.com;Minecraft Server
cmp.daexsys.com;Daexsys
littlekits.net;LittleKits
75.127.13.37;JschierCraft
192.210.233.54;Mineconomy
theresistancecraft.no-ip.org;TheResistanceCraft
Richu1902.dulyfixed.com:25965;Richu1902
MCExplode.net;MCExplode
mc2.xenogamers.org;[xG] Factions
markus.vkurske.org:55950;TotalBuild
Cronuscraft.no-ip.org;TheBurner
klodghirz.com;Klodghirz
ftb.xgamers.ro;.::FTB Unleashe Xgamers:.
tcccast.de;tcccast
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft Nuvem
play.stompzcraft.com;Artesanato Scavenger
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
192.210.144.186;Dakota Kraft
76.74.159.19:29065;Multiplay :: BendingKraf
192.210.232.99;NexusFusion
play.williamtdr.com;LifeBoat
ci.gameserv.co;CakeIslandPvP
76.72.173.29:25615;Hunger Games - Top Shelf
forest.jsurvival.co;JustSurvival - Forest
mc.united-gamerz.net;United Gamerz
mc.endervortex.com;EnderVortex
fishery.dyndns.org;The Fishery
w00dcraft.mcfrag.net;WoodCraft
76.72.166.108;SupaCraft 
skywars.co;Skywars
184.95.39.168;phoanixcraft
192.210.232.151;Terra Craft
209.105.227.184:25604;LiveCraft
mcswag.com;The MC Swag Server
skyblock.no-ip.org;lost islands skyblock
server.legitland.com;Legitland
mc08.serverminer.com:25598;Alageasia
46.228.200.147;ââº 100% Faction/PVP Serve
zaur.dyn-o-saur.com;Tycraft
skyblock.us;skyblock.us
skyblock.net;skyblock
arcane.cc;test
FACTIONS.SC;ShadyCraft
94.23.211.77:25568;FunCraft
85.25.208.183:25577;pvpserveren
208.167.230.179:25571;SoulCraft
66.71.252.111;SpoonsCraft
realmpvp.net:25462;Realm PvP Factions
mc.qubecraft.com;qubecraft
aeroverse.cu.cc:25583;Aeroverse
198.12.80.228;Winds of Winter
198.12.127.70;Drug Runners
GameScape.hopto.org;GameScape
184.171.243.242;OlympusPVP
minecraft.enterkat.com;Cesiumcraft Survival
188.165.223.108:25591;PwnageCraft
85.236.102.10:27065;emulous - Minecraft
play.minecraftonline.se;MinecraftOnline
WorldOfApollo.com:25555;World Of Apollo
mc-prp.com;Pure PvP
198.12.127.70;Drug Runners
skyblock.bz;Skyblock.bz
82.145.61.146;BadLands
188.138.98.88:27065;Gassi2009andCatmusse26dk
172.245.42.173;Maxima
74.63.237.72;Dancraft PvP
75.127.12.73;StratosphereSkyblock
poopanuker.com;Poopanuker
176.31.208.226;Midnight PvP
64.34.198.200:26165;Tekkit Classic!
play.mc-mega.org;megacraft
192.69.206.179;DisobeyCraft
play-umc.com;UltimaxCraft
Play.UnionPVP.net;UnionPVP
72.46.128.58:25598;SimplicityCraft
142.4.40.21;Arcanscythia
c.beastsmc.com;BeastsMC Creative
82.96.119.116:25665;HellCraft
mc.medycraft.net;Medy Craft
play.enderstorm.co.uk;The EnderStorm Network
184.171.168.174;MagiCCraft
92.240.236.19:25572;vikinglp
176.9.105.241:28499;BlackPvp
mc.safehavengaming.com;Safehaven Gaming
Ninja-pvp.zapto.org;NinjaPvP
pvp.battlefactions.com;Battle Factions| Cannons 
mc-prp.com;mc-prp.com
464177.mc.multiplaygameservers.com;OCD Boy Craft
108.174.60.70:25765;SurvivalPower
play.redstoner.com;Redstoner
Play.ApexPvP.net;ApexPvP
192.210.136.230;Light Fury
connect.zyinx.com;Zyinx Over 30 Worlds
198.24.162.90:25615;MCnacho
65.60.15.93;EmpireCraft
creocraft.net;CreoCraft
109.230.253.144;HungerSnouk
80.86.81.41:25595;MC-Pwn
67.222.150.29;Kingdom PvP
play.apexpvp.net;PvP Factions Raiding
chipsahoyserver.com;Chips Ahoy
play.redstoner.com;Redstoner
PvP.Voltonner.com;VoltonnerCraft PvP
198.204.239.227;MineCity
69.175.55.51;darkshadocraft
mc.endernetworks.net;Ender Networks
192.69.206.179;DisobeyCraft
mc.playraidon.com;Raid On!
66.85.187.3;PvP Kingdom
192.210.194.75:25665;Nathans Simple Survival
pvp.vulcanpvp.com;Vulcan PvP
176.31.208.236;Diamonds And Milkshakes
198.12.124.73;MultiCraft
minecraft.mccarrons.com;MikeCraft
77.111.242.166;SÃ©naCraft
ocean.ozonecraft.com;Ozonecraft Ocean PvP
203.33.121.18:25690;Trogue12's Faction Server
hub-sc.org;Tuguldur
198.12.123.24;SurvivalCity
176.31.241.199:25571;SkyCraft
smexyprison.net;Mcaiding
midgetmaster.mine.nu;Midget Master
pvp.nikandros.com;Nikandros PvP
193.35.58.88;revolutioncraft
freemine.servegame.com;Freemine
192.111.134.195;Gamercraft
192.210.233.137;WidowPvP
78.143.4.3;pvp world
PvP.Kz;PvPKillz
192.210.233.24;NotchCraft
66.85.182.90:25749;Mundi MC
Theronsminecraft.com;Theron's Minecraft
mc.spawncity.com;Spawn City
play.mczone.co;the walls
SLMC.in;ShadowLandsMC
bravocraft.mcserver.ws;BravoCraft
50.129.50.13;PrismCraft
nefariouspvp.no-ip.org;Nefarious
208.115.241.148;NightMarePVPCraft 
198.23.247.188;UniqueCraft
mc.afterhoursmc.com;After Hours
play.cryptechraids.com;New MC Server
176.31.208.237;AsianSwagCraft
rp.dawnfirerealms.net;DawnFire Realms
PrimeRaid.Net;Prime Raid 
play.mindcrack.nl;MINDCRACK.NL II TOWNY 
192.210.232.232;ElderCraft
83.252.107.80;EliteMasters-FTB Ultimate
play.thelegitsociety.org;TheLegitSociety
85.236.101.90:29565;THOUS SURVIVAL
77.74.195.42:25570;TriCraft
198.154.105.239;Ultimate Pvp/Raid
mc.yobitech.ro;YobiTech Craft
199.229.251.205;DopeCraft
85.236.100.210:29865;TekkLads MC
waffleminecraft.com;pcheagy
fullpvp.mcserver.ws;FullPvP
www.olusion.net;www.olusion.net Server
gcs.nitrado.net;gronkhDE-Community-Server
mc.truttletheturtle.com;Truttle World
ag8.playeoe.com;ag8.playeoe.com
onniserver.com;Onni's Minecraft Server
myone.dk;myone
mc.m1nefreeks.com;M1nefreeks (Many Gamemodes)
24.39.19.219;PurePvP Hub
198.154.105.239;Ultimate PVP/RAID
ha11oga11o.dyndns.org;SmrtFasizmuMC
66.55.129.154:30365;CrewCraft
blarserver.atl30.creeperhost.net;Blarserver
play.purplecraft.org;Purplecraft
mc.mxt3.com;Paradise Adventure
mctitan.net;Titan
brutalfactions.net;BrutalFactions
prisoncraft.mcserver.me;prisoncraft
46.105.246.219;Freedom Craft
192.95.9.24;TheBukkitWarz
74.201.57.49;public survival
Hub.Xethon.com;Xethon Network
198.27.81.84:25592;Aincrad Survival
198.12.65.19:25765;HashCraft
192.210.233.59;MazeCraft
GoldenCraft.info;GoldenCraft
94.23.157.198;PR0HD
unicraft.scavatori.com;UNiCraft
192.227.136.20:25765;Simplexity
77.111.237.52;CraftTanoPT
78.129.165.93;MortalPVP | 24/7 Factions
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mc27.serverminer.com:25601;Bodhicraft
173.236.123.196;Plymouth Valley
Uberminecraft.com;nada
50.31.24.224;FivePointFiveSix Server
MWPrivate.mcph.co:25672;AlphaCraft IV
Ellder.mc.net.nz;Ellder MC
mc.diacraft.org;[Crack] Diacraft: PVP
96.8.119.68;InfiniCraft
mc.bettercraft.us;BetterCraft
69.175.17.42;OPCraft
w00dcraft.mcfrag.net;w00dcraft
198.24.165.11;DachshundCraft
mc.crimsonpvp.com;crimsonpvp
www.thespanningtree.net;TheSpanningTree
mc.kruxor.com;KruXoR
74.122.192.2:25570;Nealandia
199.188.101.84;NinjaCraft
scavengercraft.com;ScavengerCraft
69.175.65.141;Harvestcraft
172.245.4.183;BlockParty PvP
192.227.132.104:25665;Crisiscraft
85.114.140.82:25586;EpicGaming Item spawning
play.survivalcrafters.com;SurvivalCrafters
69.175.55.42;BladeCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
saspvp.net;SASPVP.NET
198.8.93.244;Monstercraft 24/7
mc.majkrafci.pl;Majkrafci
pvp.craftgames.co.uk;Craftgames
198.12.127.89;The Static Jelly
halcyonminecraft.no-ip.org;Halcyon Minecraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
mc-de.su;desuland
diamond.servegame.com;DiamondCraft
198.154.111.228;Rich and Aprils survival 
192.210.233.135;beastdoomcraft
mc.deadlox.info;Deadlox
mc.crafti.ca;Crafti.ca
192.95.37.172;WOLFCRAFT
play.pignation.co.uk;pignation
wyverncreativeserver.info;Wyvern Creative Server
c.wallsmc.com;The walls
3sdnjun2q9247rmq.myfritz.net;LebCraftMine
pvp.pure-mc.us;Pure-MC
198.15.65.147;Project MCPVP
pyrominepvp.beastmc.com;Pyromine PvP
64.237.54.203;prodigy (Need builders)
Play.etherzcraft.co.uk;EtherzCraft
mc.CountlessHoursMC.com;CountlessHours Minecraft
37.59.47.10:25568;Blazecraft
pvp.vcfactions.com;VcGaming
198.15.115.150;Our Town Server
198.23.247.68;Blarecraft! Factions Pvp 
ec-pvp.co.uk;ElitePvP
192.69.206.179;DisobeyCraft
198.27.83.111;OakVille
mc.ruin.cc;Ruin Universe
mc.4id.lv;4iD Tekkit
85.25.147.28:25571;Haztecraft
208.167.230.179;[1.5]ProjectCreeperV2PVP
78.129.128.133;KingWars
nukecraft.no-ip.org;NukeCraft
mc.snipinkomix.com;SnipinKomix
69.175.116.141;Join me faction Penguin
87.98.194.59:25665;Civilisation
QualityGaming.mcph.co:30034;QualityGaming Servers
198.154.120.45;Godzcraft
www.evolutionofcraft.net;Evolution of Craft
96.8.116.30:25665;Magnumcraft
69.175.116.141;Perishedcraft
69.175.116.141;Perishedcraft
184.154.96.209;VDHI Craft
198.27.81.84:25598;Chaoscraft
69.175.116.141;droparty
play.qridmc.com;Qrid
198.23.247.29;Raidz craft
mc.pabicraft.com;PabiCraft
Minecityprison.net;Minecity Prison
37.59.254.173;MineCrap
play.mc-drugs.com;MCDrugs The Finest
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft Cloud
77.111.206.90;WeeksMC
184.171.243.243;UtopianCraft
198.12.120.139;GodCraft
72.20.39.197;TwinLeaf
108.170.61.24;Atomic Llamas PvP
escapecraft.com;Escapecraft
75.102.46.73:25765;StadiumPvP
play.darksoulcraft.com;DarkSoulCraft
game.moncraft.net;moncraft
MC.DIVINEPVP.NET;DivinePvP
77.111.193.197;CastCraft
kladkatt.se;kladkatt.se
Uberminecraft.com;Hunger Games
mc-cc.zapto.org;CaKeCraft
mine.loyloy.io;LoyLoy
hub.sr-sg.net;Sr-Sg
mc.terradark.com;TerraDark
82.145.61.234;Zero Dimensions Factions
endcraft.net;IP IS IN THE DES NOT ENDC
mc.fuzzyblocks.net;Fuzzy Blocks
Play.MythicalPvP.com;Mythical PvP Factions Raid 247
75.127.11.157;Boosecraft Anarchy
75.127.11.142;McBlow
198.27.81.84:25598;Chaoscraft
aocetw.co.nz;AoceTW
198.49.65.43;-|- Ignisous -|-
198.27.81.76:25590;EPIC CRAFT
play.mczone.co;Mc zone network
198.23.148.170:25665;Queensland_Craft
laerad.net;Laerad SMP
playhomecraft.no-ip.org;PlayHomeCraft
server.phobospvp.com;Phobos PVP
mc.progame.ro;Mc.ProGame.Ro
198.154.120.55;Blue Mania
hungergames.minecraft.to;Hungergames [24/7]
CraftINC.mcph.co;CraftINC
66.85.155.106;Union Craft
pvp.pure-mc.us;Pure
s.SkyPvP.eu;Skypvp
mc.hastee.net;PVP, PVP ARENA and TOWNY
battlerealms.net;Battle Realms
82.96.119.112:25665;Ninjagocraft
play.battlepvp.com;battlepvp
minecraft.ndigitalarts.com;NDA Gaming
mc25.serverminer.com:25670;GatorCraft
play.constantpvp.com;play.constantpvp.com
69.175.24.150;KillCraft
traliea.mcph.co:45917;Traliea
a.themchgames.com;Hunger Games
gallopinggreen.com;GallopingGreen
184.171.243.239;Ayuicraft
75.127.13.138;MILLZ SurvivalCraft
198.15.77.244;Mnt. Zion
184.164.152.22;GuardCraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
77.111.247.69;The Real Walking Dead
mc.foncusedcraft.us.to;FoncusedCraft
67.212.180.49;FinalBossPrison
lecraftofleauto.org;LecraftOfLeAuto
viperpvp.com;ViperPvP
208.66.72.114:25586;TurtleNations!
pvp.myriacraft.com;Myriacraft PvP
jupiterbe.dyndns.org;Belgium Server
mc36.crew.sk:25570;Planetoids CZ/SK
185.16.84.76;WirelessNation
46.228.195.34;NoCheater.net
stumpcraft.astralgs.com;Stump Craft
94.23.1.6:25592;PieCraft
184.171.243.234;HellCraft
mc.bearcraft.net;Bearcraft
play.infmc.net:25900;Infinicraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
67.222.135.184;Espiercraft
jawzprison.com;Jawz Prison
193.35.58.104:25580;LibertyCraft.
playhomecraft.no-ip.org;play homecraft
68.45.141.241;SurvivalXMPX
minework.serverminer.com:25570;MineWork
78.72.78.75;Bitches Love Cake
play.mczone.co;The Walls
37.59.183.180;FireRealmPvP
79.160.62.35:25420;ForeverCraft
mc.jujucraft.net;Juju Craft
99.198.120.88;Devil's Minecraft
s.minecraftmalta.com;MinecraftMalta
PVP.INSANITYCRAFT.ORG;InsanityCraft
huae.mcfrag.net:25765;Huae
198.8.93.227;CrossFirePVP
wallsmc.com;kk
www.empirenation.co;Empirenation
DungeonCraft.Reflex-Gamers.com;Reflex-Gamers.com
moon.mcdl.us;Moon Craft
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft.com
mydedicated2u.com:26569;TrinityCraft
the.grid-tronix.com;THE GRID
EternalCraft.Sytes.Net;Eternal Craft [1.5.2]
minecraft.hooloovoo.nl;Hooloovoo
DreyvosUnleashed.mcserver.ws;DreyvosUnleashed 1.5
mcnovus.net;mcnovus
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
82.145.61.146;BadLands|PvP Server|
199.188.100.216:25665;Goochcraft
megamine.nl;MegaMine Server
crabcraft.mcserver.ws;CrabCraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
69.175.9.104;GodCraft RP
78.129.135.215;SupaByte Free World
216.172.97.26:25865;VanquishPvP
Uberminecraft.com;hunted jail
hub.super-gaming.net;Super-Gaming
184.171.253.207;VexMC
198.154.112.214;Lebron Factions
mc.knightcraft.mcph.co:25577;KnightCraft
66.85.167.178:25696;The LOLcraft Project
88.191.237.236;MineSpeed
82.145.58.231;Nexusempire
pvp.charrdians.com;Charrdians PvP
85.190.140.191;TraceHunter
ChaoticRaids.mcdl.eu;Chaotic Raids | 24/7 | 
Monarchcraft.co.uk;Monarchcraft
198.154.120.54;Oak Craft Prison
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
mc.mcorigins.com;MEATL land
193.0.159.161;FortunaServer
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
mc.wallou.net;Wallouville
Hub.CreatureCraftMC.com;Creature Craft Modded Hub
37.59.252.61;Libertas Society Craft
pvp.subsidemc.com;SubSide |Factions|PvP|
mc.Gizmoservers.net;Gizmo Servers
mc.tnmserver.com;The Nation Minecraft
188.227.183.10;LaserCraft
modembug.com;Modembug
192.210.194.88:25765;stars mc server
192.211.62.136;SimpleJail!
85.131.202.78;WinCraft
play.pg-mc.net;PyramidGamers
46.105.151.112;FalcozPVP PVP/McMMO/Facti
46.253.196.61;Liecraft
Uberminecraft.com;Hunger Games
192.227.136.85:25765;GamerOpolis
mc.vcserver.org;Server
jewelcraftmc.com;JewelCraft
epickingdoms.nn.pe:25591;Epic kingdoms 
ChaoticRaids.mcdl.eu;Chaotic Raids | 24/7
75.127.11.176;RivalCraft
216.172.108.61;HollaDollaCraft
immortalgrounds.eu;Immortal Grounds
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
198.154.109.126;Warcraft
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
192.211.62.136;SimpleJail!
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
72.249.124.188:26065;BTWolves
mine.universe.mcph.co;Mine-Universe PVP
seadog.treepuncher.com:25566;The Sea Dog Inn
mc.samncole.com:25571;Sam'N'Cole 1.6.2 Server
144.76.34.207;Gatefactions
199.188.101.3;PvPCobaltCraft
77.111.248.134;Last-Resistance
198.23.148.72:25665;Battle Kits 
mc.razgriz-mc.com;RazgrizMC
mcnexus.servegame.com:25716;MCNEXUS
75.127.11.69;ChampionZ Walls
198.12.127.67;LightningPVP
198.24.166.204;Ghost PVP - Ranks!
mc.suamp.com;SUAMP
69.175.5.209;DivinePvP
chaincraft.org;chaincraft
play.bestsurvivalgames.com;24/7 Hunger Games
216.144.251.66:25637;PlethoraMC
198.49.65.58;TacticalPVP
DiZASTiX.com;DiZASTiX
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
skywars.co;Sky Wars
MC.DeepGamers.Net;MC.DeepGamers.Net
8.17.252.114;THENEWEMPIRECRAFT
mc.wittcraft.com;Wittcraft
ac.craftersland.net;assisin creed
198.12.127.88;|| SlimePVP ||
mine.universe.mcph.co;Mine-Universe
192.210.232.189;QtipCraft
142.4.40.22;Wolve Valley
208.167.250.117:25575;MortalKombatPublic
69.27.127.237:25566;CrusaderCraft
198.154.120.54;OakCraft Prison Server
s.mcyp.de;MinecraftYouPlay
66.135.48.93:26265;Rhino Couch
ChoiceCraft.mine.bz;ChoiceCraft
192.210.232.165;CoupleOfBrits Server!
208.115.208.77:25568;SpadesCraft
176.31.117.38:25575;platinumraid
62.75.222.71;Supercraft
184.95.50.178:35689;Sheepyville
69.180.61.150;CrazyCraft
PvP-HG.com;nomnom
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
play.lifemmo.com;LifeMMO
108.174.60.88:25665;ResurrectionPvP
mcexiled.com;Exiled The Underground
Noobcraftmc.net;NoobCraftMc
Lionheartmc.net;LionHeart Skyblock
9tx.org;9tx.org
mc.purenode.com;purenode
ChickMine.com;Pvp ChickMine Pvp
99.198.120.84;CrystalCraft
ironman.ecizone.com;ironman.ecizone.com
mcmania.org;MC Mania
46.105.151.109;Jocraft prison
mc.thedim3nsions.com;The Dim3nsions | 3 Worlds
trefan.eu;Trefan
198.24.163.211;Hastecraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
80.86.186.222;Mienenkraft
vSprawl.co.uk;vSprawl
78.129.165.248;maxuscraft
73.130.105.104;Epic Zone
198.49.65.60;-=SurvivalCraft=- 1.5.2
192.227.132.212;Celebration
192.210.218.232:25665;Kingdom Creepers
mc-jj.sytes.net;Minecraft JinGJunG
GalaxyForge.net;New Valhalla
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
mc-rust.com;Rust
s3.minecraft-infinity.com:26122;Ancient Craft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
198.154.120.44;Nameless PvP
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
198.12.121.17;Legendcraft
play.porkchopmc.co.uk;PorkchopMc [PARKOUR]
mc.porkchopmc.co.uk;PorkchopMc [Pvp] 
f.dancraft.net;DOWHATEVER
mc.minetowns.net;Minetowns Survival
192.95.21.135;Drug-Cartel
mc25.serverminer.com;KivCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
play.inmc.info;Indistinct
108.174.60.76:25865;Fablecraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
mcplay-play.tk;MCPlay Premium Wirtschafts Server
64.31.39.12;MindlessPvP
192.210.233.107;PFF MINECRAFT
27.50.70.181;Australian Anarchy
27.50.70.19:25965;Beastly-Craft
27.50.70.19:25965;Beastly-Craft
27.50.70.19:25965;Beastly-Craft
27.50.70.19:25965;BEASTLY-CRAFT
184.154.103.123;MCRaid
198.154.104.216;downundercraft
play.creationcraftuk.co.uk:25574;CreationcraftUK
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
192.210.229.153;Baller Craft
95.156.241.11;MineVegas
69.175.55.48;CuBe-PvP
Divinecrusade.ch;The Divine Crusade
108.60.193.205;Legioncraft SMP
penguincraft.nn.pe:25584;PenguinCraft
199.229.251.124;MineTropia
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
skyblaze.no-ip.org;SkyBlaze
96.8.116.24;PancakeGames
184.154.96.222;Terrorgaming
46.105.53.227;Random Craft
mcloaded.co.uk;MCLoaded
bordercraft.mcserver.ws;BorderCraft PvP
faction.hastee.net;Ignis 
75.127.11.104;Magnum Minecraft: 24/7 Bu
184.154.186.56;CrashingPvp
enchantacraft.mcserver.ws;EnchantACraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
216.172.97.30:25805;StahpItCraft
bmsworld.no-ip.org;BMSWORLD SURVIVAL
mineprime.com;MinePrime
198.24.162.98:25638;Kauria
192.210.148.179:25575;FlipTopPvP
chlue.org;altphil
pvpfest.com;pvpfest
184.171.243.233;Bosscraft
mc.bitvegas.net;BitVegas
minecraft.pomtom.co.nz;PomTom.co.nz
193.84.64.31;Romania Minecraft City 
27.50.70.19:25965;BEASTLY-CRAFT
188.165.217.14:25566;CRAFTOHOLIC
GubleCraft.com;GubleCraft
85.236.100.70:29365;8-bitdragon survival
184.154.11.22;AL99 KITPVP
119.252.190.52;PaperZCraft
192.210.148.201:25570;Exile PvP
75.102.46.74:25665;ZbuCraft
77.111.208.147;TrollMinersPt
blackcraft.us;BlackCraft
184.154.92.29;Wreckless PVP - Factions
176.31.117.38:25583;YouTube Community Server
mc.wolfcraftgaming.com;WolfCraft Gaming Network
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
MC-PRP.COM;Minecraft server
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
37.59.178.19;Bluedog
37.59.165.196;Creation Craft
pvp-sp.com;SaviorPvP
37.59.165.196;Creation craft
85.131.225.211;teamwyldcraft
142.4.215.126:25579;Tirea 
66.71.252.118;royaltypvp
kaiocraft.zapto.org;Kaiocraft
mcctf.com;minesurf
Mc.MinersUnited.Net;MinersUnited
192.210.136.228:25965;DafoneMen Mc Server
69.175.9.18;Goku-Craft
37.59.209.215;bluelime
mcskyblock.com;DN Anniversary
82.145.61.214;FirePlay
pvp.mc-cubeland.net;CubeLand
184.171.170.75;Problockerz Server
mc.xtremezone.ro;mc.xtremezone.ro
xegaming.com;XeGaming Home Edition
play.w00tcraft.com;W00t Craft
173.162.152.249;EnderCraft
188.165.223.108:25591;PwnageCraft
pvpcrafter.ml;PvPCrafter Servernetwork
208.115.219.163:25569;ChaosCraft
mc.bfv-aaroe.dk;[Mc-Aaroe][No premium]
smp.enderarmy.dk:25567;Enderarmy Survival.
PVP.Timm-Craft.com;Timm-Craft
Mc-war.com;Minecraft server 
66.223.16.145:25965;TitansCraft
108.255.112.191;Multifarious-craft
ShadowTech.mcpro.co;ShadowTech
192.210.194.90:25765;BearCraft
play.pvp-mania.co;PvPMania
206.217.129.198:25665;WalakuFalls
216.120.248.198;Gcraft
mc.thegamegeeks.net;TheGameGeeks Towny Server
hub.vcserver.org;voidcraft servers
elite-play.com;ElitePlay Minecraft
sfgaming.co.uk;SilentFuzionGaming
w1.r-vs-g.com;Red Vs Blue
Uberminecraft.com;Mine and build
wallsmc.com;team survival
INFGAMING.COM;infgaming
s1.mcinfected.net;zombie survival
www.mc-hg.com;hunger games
mcctf.com;capture the flag
mc.spartanmc.net;survival
play.syrocraft.com;SyroCraft
192.210.230.149;colormatic
199.188.101.86;SharpCrafters
MC-PRP.COM;Levelup minecraft
198.12.122.131;KyxCraft Prison server!
carbon.mc.gl;Carbon MC
play.LazleCraft.net;LazleCraft
bhgames.com;FlatCreative
66.135.48.93:26165;NewbCraft
JamesKickAssMinecraftServer.com;JamesKickAssMinecraftServ
HoboNation.Net;HoboNation PvP Factions
mas.dimensioncraft.org;Dimensioncraft
192.210.238.14:25665;Crafted SMP
192.210.238.14:25665;Crafted SMP Survival
64.237.39.194:29365;KillerCraft
188.40.37.82:25885;Bioshock Server Minecraft
87.117.246.163;SurvivalCraft 1.5.1
doubletreeserver.net;The Double Tree
ci.gameserv.co;CakeIsland
Assassinsmc.com;Assassins Minecraft
mc.sheepserver.im;SheepServer
mc.jnrp.co.uk;JNRP Craft
198.12.65.88:25665;LOLOLOLCRAFT
mc.fjordcraft.no;FjordCraft
dfscraft.mdn36.creeperhost.net;DFS
198.23.247.144;JABS Survival Server
206.217.130.163;MojolicPvP
184.154.103.123;McRaid 
192.111.128.185;hunger games server
69.175.24.55;PixelCraft
192.210.228.206;XistPvP
mc.blockalypse.net;Blockalypse
play.meloncraft.com;MelonCraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
66.85.153.140;DragonPvP
69.175.9.12;SwiftBees Survival Server
91.121.139.218:25603;Bloodtide Corp Ultimate
69.175.46.241;Adventure Land
108.163.219.154;ArchousPvp
explorersleague.hosthorde.net;Explorers League Vanilla
75.127.13.22;TheGamingFoxes Server
mc.leaguepvp.com;LeaguePVP
play.spitefulpvp.com;SpitefulPvP
play.skitscape.com;my public server
mc.snapcraft.net;Pure realms pvp
s.epi-craft.com;epicraft
mc.cowcraft.net;Cowcraft
mc.ironcraft.bg:25555;IronCraft.BG 24/7
mc.blood-cloud.com;bCloud
87.98.195.12:25665;Roxcraft
hungergames.frostcast.net;frostcast hunger games
hungergames.frostcast.net;frostcast hunger games
hungergames.frostcast.net;frostcast hunger games
108.174.57.183:25665;Pennicle
Spil.onecraft.dk;OneCraft
mc40.crew.sk:25577;flashcraft
mc.spartanmc.net; Spartan MC Hub | Surviva
Craftville.is.si;Craftville
midnightsunserver.com;Midnight Sun Server
play.blockjunkies.com;blockjunkies
184.154.87.102;MirdGaming
eighty7.ca;Survive and Thrive
209.105.236.253;Zer0Fate
omniworldmc.com;OmniworldMC
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
66.223.16.145:25965;Titanscraft
MCRealms.CarnageCraft.com;MCRealms.CarnageCraft.com
184.171.243.233;bosscraft
MC-PRP.com;MCPRP
69.175.45.157;Sonic PvP
PvP.LetsBuild.net;PvP.LetsBuild.net
WC-Server.nl;WarriorCraft
mc.livetoplay.de;LiveToPlay (all)
185.16.84.61:25765;Dutch Ultimate [closed]
85.236.100.202:33465;PorkiMeat official server
pvp.elationcraft.com;ElationCraft
mc.slabcraft.net;slabcraft
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft Cloud
pvpfest.com;-=[PvpFest]=-
198.154.103.234;GodzGaming
82ndstrikers.dyndns.org;HeroCraft
mc.shadowhold.net;Shadowhold
198.23.247.114;Toxicpvp
77.111.247.244;ÃSanctumSkyBlockÃ
mc.wacos.ca;Wacos War
198.23.247.115;Mine-Exile
mudkipcraft.mcserver.ws;MudkipCraft
purgatory.joinmc.us:25582;Purgatory Gaming
Shankcraft.provisionhost.com;ShankCraft
198.24.167.194:33737;kaesdcraft
199.241.138.223:27681;KingdomPvP
76.72.173.5:25605;DatMocraftGaming
192.95.3.156;QuantumGaming
192.95.48.114;Coolcraft!
192.210.233.8;HecTic
192.95.8.86;Mine, Build, Play, MCMMO
67.222.131.173;Creepingcraft
mc30.serverminer.com;PyroCraft
play.pd-craft.com;PD-CRAFT
192.210.236.38:25765;ââ WELCOME TO AWESOME CRA
Play.AltairMC.com;Altair
pvpeople.no-ip.info:25690;PvPeople
statesofenmity.mcserver.ws;StatesOfEnmity
mc.demonpower.com;DemonPower
pvp.corecraft.me;CoreCraft PVP
198.24.162.90:25643;GoogleCraft Enjin
s3.mcserwery.pl:35685;Gemcutter's Craft 24/7 PL
play.now.or.at;Fallen Legacy Network
pve.nixium.com;- Nixium - PvE -
184.171.253.207;VexMC
198.15.125.82;XPcraft
mc.buildsomethinfool.net:25592;Build Somethin Fool 
85.190.130.84;Cracked Crafting-Elemental
192.227.136.109:25665;QuartzCraft
192.227.136.101:25765;TerrorVille
thecpu.zapto.org;Thecpu Official Server
50.70.150.56;Orion
play.florincraft.net:26065;FlorinCraft
PlotMC.no-ip.org;PlotScape
5.135.52.65:25693;Effort Craft
play.mczone.co;MC Zone
server.minecraftomega.com;Minecraft Omega
2b2t.org;2b2t
vanilla.serveminecraft.net;Vanilla Survival
198.49.65.38;DT Survival
198.12.122.52;Mellocraft
s33.hosthorde.com:25586;ImaginationPvP:Raid:World
play.breakdownprison.com:25578;Breakdown Prison
184.154.38.68;Smash Craft
ddvw.dyndns-free.com; zombie apocalypse
198.12.123.216;Dark Aged Factions
x-lobby.tk;X Servers
198.154.103.113;ShadowRealms!
69.175.9.125;EdgeOfDiamonds
marshwars.net;Marsh Wars
108.170.3.146;Be-craft
85.25.4.100:25624;Aspire
play.mczone.co;MC Zone
play.mczone.co;MC Zone
46.253.196.15:25965;AitoCraft
184.154.12.125;TechyCraft
minecartrapidtransit.net;Minecart Rapid Transit
108.163.221.163;EbbzyCraft
85.236.102.40:27365;BUDDAHCRAFT
77.111.254.194;Persistent World SURVIVAL
174.60.86.202;EnderStepz - 24/7
77.111.192.159;Infinitum Faction PVP
atvcraftgaming.zapto.org;AtvCraft
1478132.mc.mpgs.co;Squid & Cactu5
198.23.247.113;Next Stage Miners
hub.vcserver.org;voidcraft
mc.spooktopia.net;Spooktopia
1.haftacraft.com;HaftaCraft
192.210.194.119:25965;Flux PvP
mc.minevalley.net;MineValley
24.22.159.105;uXc Clan Survival/Faction
208.115.247.167;Forsaken Realms
play.mc-sg.org;DrumCraft
216.172.99.196:26065;World
westworldmc.com;WestWorldMC
westmanland.yams.in;Raidcraft
193.111.138.47;RubinCraft
192.111.128.121;TheBushWackiestServer
85.17.169.148:25599;TheWorldOfRaid
sagacraftrp.mcph.co:25818;SagaCraft RP-FPvP
play.minecraftworlds.info;Minecraft Worlds
mc.opdacraft.net;OpDaCarft
198.23.247.168;DCcraft
77.111.199.44;Castle Craft
sc21.servercraft.co:13206;DarkDivine
192.210.228.71;DoughCraft
sunnyparadise.no-ip.info;Sunny Paradise
192.210.234.245;Sky Kingdom
198.8.95.240;McMicrowave
27.50.70.19:29965;XdC1
108.245.177.125;The Local Brewery SMP
198.24.162.106:25850;RoyalCraft
65.60.0.150;DragonPvP
192.210.236.3:25965;StrangeMC
85.236.100.2:31465;Ore-Gasm
198.12.65.88:25665;LOLOLOLcraft
77.111.194.98;Team Nexus - Faction PvP 
Play.TeamExtremeMc.com;MinecraftFREEOPHACK1.5.1
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
198.154.109.126;ManiaCraft
Skyblock.net;Skyblock
94.23.237.122;The Saturn Server
198.24.164.94;Minty Fresh Factions
192.210.229.105;OdysseyPVP
172.245.10.239;McCraftHaven
77.111.196.227;MCDrug-Lords
27.50.72.52;Eclipse Craft
mc.aurora-games.net;Aurora Games
yolopvp.com;YoloPvP
game.fucraft.net;MINEPT HOST
mc.wubbacraft.net;Wubbacraft
mc.shieldnetworkz.com;Shield Networkz
193.111.138.68;Soul Society
Grueworld.dk;Grueworld.dk
198.23.247.113;nextstageminers
uberminecraft.com;UberminecraftCloud
85.236.100.111:30365;SG:Basic craft
pvp.gontroller.com;Gontroller
ksf.so;Kill Somethin' Fool
173.236.85.118;Apex
ipvp.tv;The Immortal Network
108.178.59.222;TournamentKraft
nocturnpvp.notchy.net;nocturnpvp
nocturnpvp.notchy.net;Nocturn Pvp
198.24.164.94;Minty Fresh Factions
199.188.103.209;Xplorerscraft
mc.freebuildservers.com;Free Build Servers
lpcraftnetworks.net;LpCraft
75.127.13.7;SupremacyCraft
PandaUniverseCraft.chickenkiller.com;PandaUniverseCraft
216.172.108.187;mooshcraft
play.duskcraft.com;DuskCraft
216.172.97.30:25905;TrueEcoCraft
162.217.251.114;Steven's Freebuild
82.146.26.244;MC Ultimate
mc.game-alliance.com;|Game-Alliance| Minecraft
mydedicated2u.com:26571;ShadowCraft
EnviousPVP.us.to;Envious PVP
198.12.123.6;Sector 24
whatevercraft.com;WhateverCraft
ftb.aquamc.net;AquaMC FTB Ultimate
play.squadcraft.net;SquadCraft
mc-halo.com;Halo
69.175.65.137;YoloPvP
www.softslayer.com;SoftSlayer
hkcraft.beastnode.net;Hkcraft
80.95.150.59;X-Craft Ultimate Gaming
HowerCraft.de;>> HowerCraft | 1.5.1 | F
Factions.uPvP.net;uPvP
198.154.97.235;Terminal
91.121.5.27:25576;DolaCraft
76.19.6.123;craftopia
mc.infinitesurvival.net;Infinite Survival
aevuscraft-mc.g.akliz.net;AevusCraft 
mc.arcticminecraft.net:25574;PvP Domain 
92.240.236.19:25608;TractorCraft
69.175.9.120;SupremeCraft
SG.SurvivalTime.co.uk;SurvivalTime Skywars/ HungerGames
hypercraft.pl;Hypercraft.pl
play.infinitive-mc.com;Infinitive Minecraft
69.175.46.246;CoreCraft
mc.gildorym.com;Gildorym
198.12.126.165;Legit Survival
AFK.MCPH.CO:25769;AFK
hardcore.evolutionpvp.com;EvolutionPvP
198.24.164.87;Suitep33
play.constantpvp.com;ConstantPvP
play.lichcraft.com;Lichcraft
77.111.246.130;Pixle Pvp
46.174.49.34:25614;Ð ÑÑÑ
69.175.5.214;thee lem battle craft
mc.mobarenas.com;Mob Arenas
play.herocrafters.co.uk;Herocrafters
198.245.49.7;Ye-Royalty-Craft
AmbarCraft.net;AmbarCraft
daedragodz.com;daedracraft
angelcraft2.0.serverpit.com;AngelCraft 2.0
198.154.112.178;TitanPvP
EnviousPVP.us.to;EnviousPVP
mc.theendcrafterz.theendcrafterz.beastnode.net;The End Crafterz
75.127.13.213;SlimeCraft
mc.elementmc.net;ElementMC
minecraft.andcomp.com;HardCore Factions
209.236.119.168;Bacon Craft
mc.novocraft.net;novocraft faction raid mcmmo 24/7
95.143.206.135:27765;Multi-craft
play.theprisonserver.com;ThePrisonServer
blockwrecked.co.uk;Blockwrecked 24/7 Server
play.legionpvp.eu;Legion Multiworld
godz.mcserver.ws;Godzcraft
pvp.arsonicgaming.net;Arsonic Gaming PvP
5.9.136.50;UrbanCraftNetwork
mc.agedcraft.com;AgedCraft
forever-mc.com;ForeverMC
bogrealms.fluctis.com;BogRealms
198.154.97.199;HeilCraft
192.210.236.4:25765;SmiteCraft! PvP Survival!
OmegaRealm.com;OmegaRealm
SERVER.PUCKAB.COM;PuCKAB
198.23.247.114;ToxicPvP
freemine.de;Freemine
bogrealms.fluctis.com;BogRealms
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft Cloud
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
108.174.48.202:25665;OMEGA RAIDING
75.127.12.246;Phantom Heart
93.91.250.139:27806;Lumina-Craft
192.210.236.174:25665;Spyte PvP
intrinity.mcph.co:45917;Intrinity
bulldogcraft.com;BullDogCraft
75.127.13.4;minecraft 
188.122.88.139:25580;ocd
factions.convocraft.net;HYPER RAID PVP
play.DutchKingCraft.nl;DutchKingCraft
mc.jujucraft.net;Jujucraft
mc.onepeace.net;onepeace
69.162.80.148;GlitchPvP
MinecraftHG.com;hungercraft
play.gigacraft.si;GigaCraft
pvp.frostcast.net;Frostcast PVP
98.173.129.23;Creepercraft
76.74.156.71:30765;Promethiarp RP
mc.hdunno.com;hDunno
play.vcserver.org;VoidCraf
weimcraft.com;Weimcraft
mc.minevalley.net;MineVal
mc.minevalley.net;MineyValley
kombatmcpvp.net;KombatMC
Game.TheInstitution.Me;TheInstitution#2
ZORROCRAFT.provisionhost.com;ZorroCraft
192.210.234.84:25765;Sup-Craft
198.24.164.75;PotatoKraft
join.skyroad.me;Skyroad
play.craftshark.net;CraftShark Network
Mc-rust.com;RUST
play.herocrafters.co.uk;Hero Crafters
108.170.16.200;RaetCraft
rjpre30.dyndns-web.com;znetwork 
85.131.206.83;SuperCraft Pvp 24/7
77.111.242.160;Kasper
176.31.117.38:25575;Platinum Raid
69.27.127.233:25566;Igor's server
minecraft.anotherpower.com;AnotherPower
s116.csrv.pl:36518;craft zone
216.172.107.252;SuperiorPvP
octoworld.duckdns.org;OctoWorld
K4G.no-ip.org;Kingdom4Gamers Hub
build.noblox.net;Faction build
mc.minevalley.net;MineValleyy
77.111.246.130;Pixel Craft
uhc.eximiusgaming.com;Ultra Hardcore Eximius Gaming
play.hungerx.us;HungerX
108.60.192.35:25905;MC Pancake
69.197.18.135;Cosmic Craft
184.171.170.89;LegendaryChaos
direwolf.ineffable-servers.com;Ineffable Servers
play.nqk.me;Niquecraft
minecraft.geek.nz;minecraft.geek.nz
mc.deadoralivemc.org;Dead-or-AliveMC
85.131.230.35;MultipleCraft
mustachebrigade.zapto.org;The Mustache Brigade
198.154.115.36;Kingdom of Oblivion
208.117.11.226;QuartzPvP
pvp.borderlandpvp.net;BorderlandPvP 
Creationation.eu;Creation Nation Creative
play.hammercraft.net;HammerCraft
pie.ezfun.org;Ezs server
s43.hosthorde.com:25769;NFSCRAFT
mc.tjcraft.net;TJCraft
198.144.177.45;FartCraft
99.198.120.68;Isolation-Craft
mininggeeks.net;Mining Geeks
188.165.201.39:25671;MonsterCraft
5.39.127.35;HappyValley Tekkit
mc.mc-romania.com;Mc-romania
184.171.173.50;SuperGameingGeeks
skywars.co;skywars
198.154.112.215;JustCraft HardcorePVP
66.85.165.162:25787;kwi kwi
smp.choicecraft.net;choicecraft smp
Minebuilders.me;MineBuilders!!
skyrealms.org;SkyRealms
Play.FacTropica.Net;FacTropica
ftb.noble-craft.net;Noble-Craft FTB
dharacraft.mcph.co:25576;Dharacraft
77.111.240.84;PoisonCraft
EDawg878.com;Plotme Awesome Server
worldsapart.no-ip.org;Worlds Apart
198.50.137.133;BubblesMC
kits.playhc.com;PlayHC
mc.minevalley.net;MineeValley
69.175.57.215;TheRisingPvP
69.175.57.215;TheRisingPvP
chaoscraft.myftp.org;chaoscraft
godz.mcserver.ws;Godzcraft
108.170.4.130;care-craft
mcplay.gazduirejocuri.ro;mcplay.gazduirejocuri.ro
fotoserver-ellen.homeunix.com;Everything is allowed
46.228.200.221;Gamestrike
78.129.128.186;Exotic-MiniGames
mc.youth-craft.net;Youth-Craft
185.16.84.48:25865;Originalcraft
minecraft.jevtics.com;Central Craft
GAME.FUCRAFT.NET;ZekesServer
s22.hosthorde.com:25578;BreakDown Prison
69.175.36.59;Indy Craft
184.154.181.170;KxS Minecraft Server
craftera.com:8055;McCrAfT
198.144.177.45;FartCraft
ZombieHorde.net;horde
Quandax.mcserver.ws;Bubble-dome
mc.minevalley.net;MineVallley
game.blueminecraft.com;Blue Minecraft
mc.cowcraft.net;cowcraft
69.175.46.246;CoreCraft
multiworld.craftandcraft.es;Multiworld Craft&Craft
67.222.156.157;Wasteslam
198.49.66.104;PredictCraft
88.191.245.118:10312;AkatÃ©a
184.154.206.188;Turkey Craft
mc.fullpvpcraft.com;FullpvpCraft
mc.squaremc.dk;SQUARE MC
mc.biocraftfac.com;play.mcbiocraft.com
216.172.106.210;Hoppercraft
mc.biocraftfac.com;play.mcbiocraft.com
mc.minecraftint.com;MinecraftServer
MC-DNC.NET;DarkNessCraft Network
209.188.4.34:25568;salsacraft
108.170.8.146:33958;Diamond Craft
mc.heavenscraft.net;[1.6.2] Heavenscraft
184.171.253.208;Emmy Empire (Luvard)
MC.HAXIRCRAFT.COM;CREATIVE PVP
184.171.251.174;RedSkullServerBr 
mc.cheesybones.com;Charliecraft
208.92.223.77;grief me
fotoserver-ellen.homeunix.com;PVP-RAID-GRIEF
184.171.253.205;Orion Craft
37.187.29.13;Bedrocker RPG Server
mc.chaosofworlds.com;Chaos Craft
87.117.246.140;Realm of the Barbarian
mc.nikandros.com;Nikandros Prison
198.24.165.154;AWECRAFT
play.simplicitycraft.net;Simplicity Craft
192.210.234.61:25665;JBVstudios Server
198.24.163.4;Hunger-Games
87.117.246.237;Simplicity [Multiverse]
mc.Defendon.nl;FutureRealms 1.5.2 [PVP]
Uberminecraft.com;Alisha's server
216.172.106.236;Clasteen
5.9.13.211:25582;SWK's minecraft server
kryptopiamc.com;Kryptopia - Jet Packs
pvp.daegonner.com;Deadhead96
1.mccw.in;Minecraft Colony Wars
85.131.248.22;Mineshaft
77.111.253.9;BaneCraft
timberman.de;TDE - Timberman.de
176.31.130.236;ItalianCraft
91.121.5.27:25581;Merch Evolved
50.31.66.61;Land of Murizoft
108.170.25.116;SproutPvP
mc.supermegacraft.com;SuperMegaCraft
216.172.108.170;Ãber Play
cubecraft.playrh.nl:25591;âCubeCraft 24/7â
198.24.165.12;Omega Craft
mc.deepspacelockup.beastnode.net;Deep Space Lockup
69.175.56.75;DiamondMC 
192.210.236.13;SYCraft
206.217.139.90:25665;Project M FTB
198.24.162.90:25614;Last Legion
198.24.165.12;OmegaCraft
198.204.239.227;MineCity
69.175.80.227;DynastyCraft
FinalCraft.net;FinalCraft
mc.anklesneeze.com;anklesneeze
mc.givmehdiamonds.com;Givmehdiamonds Server
198.204.248.29;Minecraft Faction Warfare
198.23.130.185;BruCraft PvP
209.105.231.125;johnnyjaws151
mc.united-gamerz.net;United Gamerz
neupolis.mcph.co;Neu Polis
82.145.61.194;SpartaPVP
play.pilotcraftmc.com;PilotCraft
82.145.53.117;Aircelya
s39.hosthorde.com:25631;TotalPVP
bteam.chunktv.com:25584;Chunk TV Production Team
65.60.13.74;ElectronicPvP
mc.desiredfactions.net;hunger games
skyblockislands.no-ip.org;skyblock
mc.powerdbycrystals.com;PowerdByCrystals
82.145.53.7;ZLitePvP
77.111.205.22;Minecraft Slovenia
99.198.120.77;MustacheCraft Beastnode
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
mc.whatthecraft.eu;What The Craft ?! Communi
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
epickingdoms.nn.pe:25591;Epic Kingdoms
fotoserver-ellen.homeunix.com;minecraft server
ranni.ca;SeedCraft
Prison.FrozenCraft.Com;FROZEN CRAFT PRISON 1.5.2
65.60.0.145;BlitzCraft
ip.westcoastminecraft.net;West Coast Minecraft
108.60.194.28;Wickedcraft
play.mc-phm.fr;PleaseHungerMe
mc.pigpow.com;Pigpow
unlikelyserver.no-ip.biz;UnlikelyCraft
216.245.193.213;MineForce
Play.ActionPVP.com;ActionPVP
server.jkc-craft.nl;JKC Craft
192.210.228.12;Darkwood Horizon
23.235.228.114:25695;LolliCraftSkyBlock
5.39.70.223:25615;DC Minecraft
mc.creamycraft.com;Creamy Craft
play.tagcraftmc.com;tagcraftmc
server.kaise123.com;kaise
108.178.21.138;DomCraft
mc.grayareagames.co.uk:30765;Gray Area
build1.mikes-revenge.net;[mR] Public Build
108.60.193.142:25845;IkanaCraft
66.85.146.42;Jedi PvP
198.49.66.99;XtremeVille 1.5.2
mc.desiredcraft.net;desiredcraft
practicepvp.com;PracticePvp
shadowpvp.mcserver.ws;Shadow-PvP
192.210.236.57:25765;Fragnet
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
199.188.100.217:25665;FamePVP
192.210.194.86:25765;Server Of Simplicity
192.210.234.93:25765;Dominion PvP
TattieCraft.us.to;TattieCraft
play.tumbleweed-mc.net;TumbleweedMC
mc.Medieval-Craft.com;Medieval-Craft
server-reinosolvidados.net;ro-network
Minecraftsmp.org;Minecraftsmp.org
Game.moncraft.net;Moncraft
Uberminecraft.com;lego
85.236.100.70:29865;minicontainer
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft-PVP-RAIDING!
66.85.178.90:26598;The Official Fairy Tail MC Server
184.154.38.68;Faction Smasher
192.210.238.78:25665;JamesCraft Reloaded
176.31.215.131;MythMC
woodyville.noip.me;WoodyVille
play.projectepsilon.net;â  Project Epsilon â£
play.pvpcraft.ml;PvPCraft Factions
108.178.35.232;Redstone Harmony
192.95.29.170;Spuddsmarch
game.moncraft.net;moncraft
199.188.102.214:26065;Tracecraft's - FTB Ultima
192.95.36.52;Gooby PvP
emeraldkraft.tk;EmeraldKraft
82.145.53.55;DroneCraft
server.kaise123.com;KaiseCraft v2
192.169.44.134;Too Stronkk Gaming
mc.odyssey-craft.org;Odyssey Craft
75.127.1.37;Ma Craft
85.190.134.165;Minecraft (Big Dig)
mc.webcomgaming.co.uk:25334;JrhCraft
ip.wapclan.net:25572;buttercraft
mc.eclat.lv;Eclat Craft
penguincraft.nn.pe:25584;penguincraft
69.27.127.186:25572;MultiVerse
AweCraft.us.to;AWE Craft
hameleon.tv;FreeMine!!!
mc.awesomemariofan.com;AwesomeMarioFanServer
142.4.211.17;FirstNight
192.95.7.18:25566;Pangea Craft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft-PVP-RAIDING!
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft-PVP-RAIDING!
192.210.238.4:25865;ValHalla
mc.haydzcraft.com;haydz craft
198.24.169.74:25581;Virtual On Top
mc.redeyemc.net;RedEye MC
mc.airblockzs.com;Airblockz Survival
server.kingdomkraft.net;KINGDOMKRAFT
82.145.58.8;FreeBuildCraft
marxstar.net;Marxstar
198.23.159.21;NobleCraft
ultimateminecraft.de;Ultimate Minecraft
213.34.225.5;DutchHosts-24/7
minecraft.lunarware.com;Lunarware
108.178.21.136;ClassiCraft
sg1.lazlecraft.net;Lazle Craft
ftb.sorbmc.com:25566;SORB FTB Ultimate
play.islandsofatlantis.com;Pirate Island
37.59.252.115;BlockCapital PVP
216.155.158.27:25600;-=VengeancePvP=-
play.godgaming.us;Godgaming
play.mc-shadows.com;Mc-Shadows
play.PEMCserver.com;PEMCserver
176.31.208.237;AsianSwagCraft
mc.bulletphase.com;Bulletphase
184.154.206.168;MilleniumCraft
Twik.dyndns.org;Zweet_pop Epic
mc-l.net;Legion Servers
W2.LCGA.ME;MC WALLS
balkancraft-mc.info;BalkanCraft
92.222.235.145:27965;Insidious Gaming Network OP Prison
skyblock.net;skyblock
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft Cloud
37.187.131.222;Bywater Craft
ZombieHorde.net;Zombie Survival
mc.levelupmc.com;rubbish server
65.26.211.173;YouBuild
play.epiclandserver.net;Epicland
chaoticfactions.no-ip.org;ChaoticFactions
GAME.MONCRAFT.NET;moncraft
citywars.ca;CItywars
199.229.251.110;GyroCraft 
play.mccrafters.com;McCrafters Network
survival.blockdimension.com;Block Dimension
mcsurvivalisland.zapto.org;MC Survival Island
server.mineventures.co.uk;MineVentures
69.175.65.165;Faction galaxy
192.210.230.172;ZipperCraft
64.31.37.242:25568;OctoParadise
conflictedrealms.com;Conflicted Realms
173.236.60.85;InfinityCraft
184.171.249.239;Diablo craft
192.210.136.230:25765;DeathMatchPVP
mc.bulletphase.com;bulletphase
69.175.57.67;Golden Craft
play.magnipvp.com;>> MagniPvP.com <<
play.now.or.at;The Block Dimension
PotatoKraft.MCPH.co;Potato Kraft
fossilruins.com;fossilruins
66.85.187.51;Terraferma
denniscraft.hopto.org;denniscraft
mc.surax.net;Surax
play.worldcraft.eu;WorldCraft
voltzgamespvp.mcpro.co;VoltzGames Factions PvP
198.20.109.194;PrisonRaider
hub.logicraftmc.com;Logicraft
87.117.246.187;Toxicity Minecraft Server
thepurge.us.to;The Purge
mc.cowcraft.net;wold of minecraft
fb.mc-gc.net;GoldenCreate Freebuild
176.31.214.211;CoreCraft
server.minicraft.es;MiniCraft
skyblock.net;skyblock.net
174.138.171.122:60020;Claycraft
McCity.mdn10.creeperhost.net;McCity
Snowy-Craft.net;SnowyCraft
216.172.108.178;EliteNations
McCity.mdn10.creeperhost.net;MC City
play.nationpvp.net;NationPvP
brocraft.mcserver.ws;Brocraft Economy
192.210.218.248:25765;RealityCraft
mc.kicraft.co.uk:25000;ki testing
192.210.236.24:25765;LiveCraft
ag1.playeoe.com;Archer Games
69.175.57.215;The Rising PvP
play.vanishingpointmc.com;VanishingPointMC
69.175.17.46;elemental craft
mc.desiredcraft.net;desiredcraft
Uberminecraft.com;uberminecraft
198.12.123.113;Cakecraft
198.24.138.155;Exotrace
85.131.227.249;Craft For Paradise
192.210.238.4:25865;Valhalla
198.23.159.25;KitPvP|No-Lag|24/7
82.145.63.102;Aggressive Minecraft
108.174.59.45;AwesomeCrafter
mc.d0mcraft.com;D0Mcraft
JustOneMoreBlock.com;JustOneMoreBlock
178.33.157.157;(1.5.2)
play.nateandsie.com;Nate & Sie Server
mc.cowcraft.net;CowCraft
play.minecraftamerica.com;Minecraft America
108.178.21.148;ImmortalCraft
198.23.130.185;Bru-Craft
MineWorldESP.Sytes.Net;MineWorldESP
mc.thelegendcontinues.info;TheLegendContinues
Play.AlphagamesMC.com;Cops And Robbers Minecraft Server
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
192.210.148.197:25570;192.210.148.197:25570
Tanelorn.jestservers.com;Tanelorn
65.111.222.63;ChronicBOOM
208.167.228.163;GamingLegions
solwind.dk;Was'up Minecraft world
144.76.56.55:25603;OvaPvp{Factions}{Pvp}....
172.245.4.168;Exotic Drugs
31.3.251.189;Free Build (Plots)
s37.hosthorde.com:25583;WarCraft Raid Server
syncraft.net;SynCraft
play.last-horizon.net;Last Horizon
176.31.117.38:25594;Workinprogresscraft
96.8.112.133;DeltaCraftPvp
tehsky.mcserver.ws;=-TehSkyCraft Survival-=
uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft
DarkLight.gameserv.co;DarkLight
198.154.120.2;Legends Of Akkuria
mc.pl3x.net;Pl3xcraft
mc.klap4m.com:25604;CandyCraft
minecraftpvp.games.on.net;Test server
208.117.11.226:25583;TekniaCraft
192.227.136.35:25665;NewKingdom
play.aegisgaming.org;Aegis Gaming Vanilla
198.55.108.133:25623;CalamitCraft
cookycraft.playmine.nl;Cooky Craft
skyblock.net;skyblock
minedat.net;MineDat
mc.ndvr.nl;eNDeaVouR
188.138.98.88:30865;MC IASI
tomsicraft.craftserver.eu;tomsi113
rejoice.hopto.org;Rejoice
mc.clicktocraft.com;Click To Craft
play.coolcraft.org.uk;CoolCraft
mc.taylorcraft.net;TaylorCraft
banxsi.com;Banxsi.com
cursuscraft.com;Cursuscraft
192.111.128.25;KingdomPvP
pvp.borderlandpvp.net;boarderlands
69.175.45.154;KillarCraft
74.121.181.194:25591;DistrictPvP
198.144.183.122:25665;BeyondPvP
mc.nomercymc.com;Nomercymc
37.59.209.193:25705;GoldTree
mc.thecitadel.us;The Citadel
93.91.250.143:27841;EmpireCraftCZ
monstergaming.no-ip.org;MonsterGaming
a.themchgames.com;Hunger Games Server 1
185.16.84.78:25665;malthemail's server
198.144.183.122:25665;Beyond PVP
ClanHMK.com;[ClanHMK.com] Free-Build
EpicPvp.mcserver.ws;EpicPvp
pvp.ragnacraft.com;RagnaCraft
bricknation.net:26033;BrickNation
192.169.44.133:25637;Juphikie Survival Server
minecraftfinite.net;Minecraft Finite
198.24.166.242:25752;Realms-Craft
184.154.12.126;CarcelCraft
198.27.83.111;FoxCraft
65.60.0.143;Build4Fun
plotcraft.hopto.org;PlotCraft
37.59.183.178;empyrealcraft.com
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
play.chosencraft.com:10009;chosencraft
192.95.29.173:25569;v3 PvP
198.143.140.75;Legacy Craft
199.229.251.110;GyroCraft!
mcworld.cloudapp.net;Sunburn PvP
mc.noobforces.net;NoobForces
Hub.SonicPvP.net;Hub.SonicPvP.net
Everlastingpvp.mcpro.co:26016;Everlasting PvP
mc-sg.org;hunger games
27.50.70.19:25965;BEASTLY-CRAFT
172.245.12.136;The Creepers survival
dragoncraft.me;DragonCraft
s122.csrv.pl:35186;SVmineFB
Divine-mc.com;Divine-Mc
75.127.12.73;Skyblock
play.cobalt-mc.com;Cobalt
198.20.98.100;ExodiaPvP
82.145.61.139;MeeechCraft
play.supermine.se;Supermine
198.24.164.67;McWarsPvP Server
gCraft.chi25.creeperhost.net;gCraft
EuphoricCraft.veoserv.com:25577;Euphoric Craft
play.colecraft.net;ColeCraft
crypticcraft.eu;CrypticCraft
46.105.246.206;SMP Survival Craft
198.24.170.146:25588;SlayerCraft
play.nostrumcraft.com;Nostrumcraft
198.49.65.58;DivisionSix^3
198.8.93.51;Chemical Craft
198.8.93.236;SlayerSurvival
198.12.123.48;HavocLegionMinecraft
198.15.73.182;Overlands PvP Anarchy
www.theinfinitecraft.com;InfiniteCraft Factions!
85.236.100.70:33865;kingzcraft
MidPvP.us;MidPvP
mc.endernetworks.net;Ender Networks
mc.heliocloud.net;Heliocloud
game.fucraft.net;fucraft
192.210.233.15;Dragon-Craft
mc.ar.cimsp.net;Minecraft Cimsp.net
MINEFAST.yourtrap.com;MINEFAST
play.the-minecraft-blog.com;The Minecraft Blog Server
108.170.50.228;Trinity
icecream-mc.com;Icecream Sandwich
85.25.147.28:25571;PowerCraft
mc.minecarts.nl;MineCarts
192.210.143.38:25765;CodeCraftV2
176.31.208.234;Hell-Fire
198.24.171.34;UKCraft
149.210.131.138;Wolfsmarch
198.24.171.42:55305;HardlinePvP
176.31.130.203;SlapCraft
198.144.183.116:25665;Disbrow Craft
deadmau5.maxgree.com:25613;deadmau5
SmexyPvP.net;SmexyPvP
mc.slimecraftsurvival.com;Slimecraft
mc.cowcraft.net;CowCraft
173.208.232.219;DemonCraft
nopvp.com;nopvp
ingeniousgaming.org;Ingenious Gaming
192.210.232.89;Showcraft
149.126.83.22;Monarch
belowaverage.org;Below Average
MC.TheCitadel.Us;The Citadel
198.49.66.108;TMCW [FACTIONS,MCMMO,PVP]
marshwars.net;marsh wars
129.24.147.229;Strike The Earth!
spiritcraft.mcph.co:25645;SpiritCraft
play.droughtnutcraft.com;DroughtnutCraft
192.227.136.123:25665;Raid or be Raided
malomaxdew.brainswitch.se;Maloma's Snapshot Server
spiritcraft.mcph.co:25645;spirit craft
mc.NewFlit.net;NewFlit
198.24.165.132;Nexus-Realm
mc.svgaming.se:25665;LibereCraft
pvp.multikraft.us;Multikraft PVP
miminecraft.com;MiMinecraft.com
play.peoplecraft.de;PeopleCraft
ccmc.mcph.co:33958;CCMC
198.12.125.214;a minecraft server
emeraldcraft.no-ip.org;Emeraldcraft
xerox-servers.no-ip.org:27787;XeroX - Economy
ZombieHorde.net;Horde RPG Zombie Survival
play-skyblock.com;Lichcraft
78.129.165.143;MegaCraft
Mc.BlockVentures.Us.To;BlockVentures
mc.light-unlimited.com;Light Unlimited Servers
skyz.dnsd.me;Skyz
rise.risenkingdoms.com;Risen Kingdoms
198.20.98.109;Ripcraft
212.224.126.120;TheCrafters
216.245.219.150:25566;whocraft
ace-craft.com;KingdomScape
198.8.95.94;Icela-Nordic legends FTB
78.143.2.18;**//SKYBLOCK//**
108.170.28.194;AncientCraft
46.228.194.114;Chill Out
198.24.162.106:25923;Slow Craft
play.constantpvp.com;Constantpvp
192.198.81.98;Foreverdefeat
188.40.54.137;minecraft server
184.164.140.202:59390;BadCraftMC
88.150.136.69;FenceCraft
mc.duncsweb.com;Duncsweb
88.150.136.69;FenceCraft
dejamejugar.com;CraftopÃ­a
mcctf.com;A CTF SERVER
173.230.144.222;soundcraft
mcburgerworld.dyndns.org:25567;Burgercraft
play.realmc.net;REALMCRAFT WORLDS 1#
64.203.157.181;[1.5.2] ShockCraft
198.12.125.163;EpicUniverse
217.198.141.188;SmiteCraft
184.154.38.69;WizzardCraft
193.138.125.75:25574;NERD minecraft server
official.sharkhost.co;SharkPVP
turtlepvp.net;TurtlePvP
mcworld.cloudapp.net;Sunburn Pvp
Jashcraft.co.uk;Jash Craft
mydedicated2u.com:35565;"/r/griefservers" for op!
mydedicated2u.com:35565;FREE OP say GRIEFSERVERS
mydedicated2u.com:35565;SAY GRIEFSERVERS FOR OP
mydedicated2u.com:35565;OP? Say GRIEFSERVERS
mctownyunlimited.mcftserver.com;MC Towny Unlimited
69.175.20.13;ConquerTime
mc.globaldominationhq.com;Global Domination HQ
GalaxyRealms.mcnode.net;Galaxy Realms
minecraft.mcmidnight.net;lurracraft
sc.theminecloud.net;SpaceCraft
198.12.127.83;PixelVilla
1-GTMCA.TK;GrandtheftmcA
sgrel0aded.no-ip.org:25766;SG - Rel0aded
trollparty.org;Troll-Party =P
192.210.194.87:25865;Schrute Craft! -NEED STAF
167.114.209.80:25593;MiksweezalCraft
85.236.100.2:27865;MineIt!
198.20.172.244;MLG Craft, Factions, 24/7
mydedicated2u.com:35565;say r/griefservers 4 op
mydedicated2u.com:35565;say R/GRIEFSERVERS = OP
mydedicated2u.com:35565;say r/griefservers 4 MOD
mydedicated2u.com:35565;type r/griefservers! OP!!
kingdomcraft.minevine.com;KingdomCraft PVP Factions
mine.minecraft.to;Survival Craft
mc.minedlands.com;Minedlands
108.170.61.21;Minecraft4Girl
198.24.166.222;FREE OP WORLD EDIT
75.127.11.60;IncredibleCraft
75.127.11.60;FappyGilmore
75.127.11.60;IncredibleCraft
octoworld.zapto.org:21666;Octoworld
198.8.95.68;AwesomeCraft
72.249.94.7:25665;Exile
mortalis.cheesium.com;1.6 grief city
203.33.121.21:25590;OzCraft [FACTIONS]
s119.csrv.pl:49138;CraftWars- Polish server
defiance.gameserv.co;Defiance
192.198.104.215;MelkorCraft
mydedicated2u.com:35565;/warp creative2
mydedicated2u.com:35565;/warp creative2... DO IT!
mydedicated2u.com:35565;/warp creative2 for OP
mydedicated2u.com:35565;OP = /warp creative2
mydedicated2u.com:35565;DO /WARP CREATIVE2
173.236.51.53;New New Canada
mc.majkrafci.pl;Majkrafci.pl PvP-Survival
77.111.255.60;The Mining Blast
itchydog.itchy-dog.co.uk;Itchy Dog
Vortex.hycpr.net:25528;Tashiki's Ruleless PVP
kingdomcraft.nn.pe:25590;Kingdom Craft
play.redstoneoinkcraft.com;Redstone Oinkcraft
65.60.13.81;Uprising PvP
198.8.90.225;DokeyDigital's Server!
67.222.131.167;SwagCraftPvp
198.8.90.225;DokeyDigital's Server!
213.251.184.23;Venom Reloaded TPPI
pvp.mzcraft.net;MzCraft
server.neacraft.net;Neacraft
hg1.boliviahg.net:25765;BoliviaHG
173.243.117.171:25582;PvPFaction Craft
216.157.78.175:26165;PureCrafting
66.85.187.40;CloudzPVP
mc.punchguts.com;PunchGuts
mc.craftedminers.com;CraftedMiners
minecraftsmp.org;minecraftsmp
85.114.154.126;Wondercraft
HippieCraft.sundboe.com;HippieCraft!
HippieCraft.sundboe.com:31000;HippieWalls
188.138.91.206;HartCraft FACTIONS CRACKE
hungergames.frostcast.net;hunger games
mydedicated2u.com:26571;ShadowCraft 24/7
173.15.60.243;MythicCrafters
75.102.46.75:25665;ZoneCraft - PVP/NOPVP
Mc.destinycraft.org;Destinycraft
chocolatemc.mcph.co:30916;ChocolateMC
AmbarCraft.net:25570;AmbarCraft Vanilla
mc.electrifiedgaming.com;Electrified Gaming
pvpcraft.ca;PVPCraft
198.24.171.90:25688;ShadowCraft
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
198.8.95.74;MineQuazk
justplaymc.net;Just Play MC
184.164.134.198;InGotCraft
minecraftsmp.org;Minecraftsmp.org
mc.stratocraft.net;StratoCraft
198.144.183.116:25665;DisbrowCraft
mc.archcraft.org;ArchCraft Parkour PvP
thethreeamigas.com;The three Amigas
www.rblminecraft.com;|RBL|Minecraft
198.23.154.180;EliteCraft
195.4.104.51;Testserver
198.20.98.100;Exodia PVP
KillerPvP.minecraft.to;KillerPvP
46.253.196.89:25865;Azbes
87.117.249.207;CookiECraft
185.16.85.24:26265;AuriolCraft
ingot.mccraft.us;Ingot.McCraft
208.115.245.197;DoctorWhoCraft
mc.BiomCraft.de;BiomCraft
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
94.23.91.99:25033;Velexius
skyblock.fi;Skyblock.fi
mc.corpmore.com;corpmore
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
85.236.109.51:31565;Survival Insticts
185.16.85.23:25765;Time 2 Bend
108.174.60.76:25865;FableCraft
198.24.164.67;MC-WARS
mc.lionflames.beastnode.net;Zenviel MC Server
mc.jujucraft.net;JUJUCraft
mcskylands.com;Survival Island Server  MCSkylands
mc.communitycraft.net;Community Craft
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
afk.mcph.co:25769;AFK
199.36.94.85;Smelting Craft
factionuprise.com;Factionuprise.com
minershub.minecraftserver.co;Miner's Hub
173.208.199.92;BlazeTech Gaming!
188.165.207.217:25579;Grand-Craft SURVIVAL
198.154.109.122;PsychoticCraft
192.227.132.83:25865;Feed The Fire
85.131.155.124;Diamonds
185.16.84.46:25665;BuildCraft
192.210.194.115:25765;Venture Craft
kitzonepvp.us;KitZonePvP
37.59.28.169;Evening Horror
mendozacraft.no-ip.org;MendozaCraft
godz.mcserver.ws;GodzCraft 
Blockhermit.mcph.co;Block Hermit
99.163.25.137;Endersplosion!
smp.ardycraft.org;ArdyCRAFT Survival
hopecraft.biz;ââââââ HOPECRAFT 1.5.2ââ
108.170.23.232;Warriors Kingdom
mc.kingkraft.net;GFHJK
zic.mcserver.ws;Zic's Server
play-skyblock.com;SkyBlock
198.154.112.178;TitanPvp (HIRING STAFF)
fiercefactions.net;Fierce Factions 
faction.deceptionservers.org;Deception Factions
134.255.218.76;>>PixelCraft 24/7<<
mcserver.terraforge.net:20011;Terra Forge
www.goodlifegaming.net;GoodLife Gaming
93.91.250.109:37516;Wive server
176.31.126.99:25582;Dino-Craft
192.210.236.157:25665;Jellyfish Craft
5.104.104.103;Darkmoon-City
minesecure.net;MineSecure
192.95.30.223:25586;Vd Server-BR
198.23.148.87:25865;Bravo Craft 
199.188.103.184;Medival factions
198.144.179.35;Funky Monkies
mcwf.pl;MCWF
play.MCTango.com;MCTango
209.15.226.204:28965;ChubCraft
vipercraft.us;Viper Craft
play.lichcraft.com;LICHCRAFT
176.31.208.90;Jrcraft
mc.theslackercraft.com;SlackerCraft
Play.EmpsCraft.Com;EmpsCraft
173.224.222.5;Otherland
198.24.178.174;Zuma | Faction PVP
pvp.voidcraft.com.br;VOIDCRAFT FULLPVP
185.16.85.25:26165;CoinBlock
5.9.137.134:25568;Sheepzz Craft
play.airecraft.co.uk:25572;AireCraft
PLAY.SkylandsMC.com;Skylands Survival 
sky.ras-servers.com;RAS SkyBlock
93.91.250.129:27827;Teracraft
85.131.146.188;Kurzers-Servers
mc.desiredfactions.net;DesiredPvP
192.210.234.57:25865;Cydonia Servers PVE & PVP
94.23.196.34:26005;TheCrafTingCraft
a1.roxy-hg.com;Roxy Hunger Games
bendcraft.zapto.org;BendCraft
play-skyblock.com;Lichcraft
play.mczone.co;MC Zone
209.105.227.189;Creative Innovations
85.236.100.210:28565;Fubar Vanilla
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
Skyblock.net;Skyblock
67.222.131.167;SWAGCRAFTPVP
67.222.131.167;SwagCraftPVP!!!
67.222.131.167;SwagCraft
play.keepercraft.co.uk;Keepercraft
67.222.131.167;SwagCraft
67.222.131.167;SwagCraftPVP
mc.keatonburleson.com;BitCraft
198.154.112.147;PotatoCraft
server.kaise123.com;MCv2
192.210.230.185;Legend Craft
play.elderpvp.com;ElderPvP
minecraftsmp.org;minecraftsmp.org
mclogin.enjin.com;Pero
184.154.206.42;Southcanada
77.111.194.90;TheCraft
mc.pigcraft.co;PigCraft
209.15.226.204:28965;ChubCraft
mc.sorbmc.com;SORB
67.222.131.167;SwagCraft
142.54.161.38;ApocalypseSMP
s41.hosthorde.com:25619;Eternal Eden
185.16.85.23:26165;Platinum
play.itsjerryandharry.com;Itsjerryandharry :D
kittenkingdom.mcph.co:43029;KittenKingdom
27.50.70.19:30165;The Jelly Realms
198.12.123.83;Lost Kingdoms
play.centricdimensions.com:25865;Centric Dimensions
pixelcraft.pw:25580;Pixel Craft
185.16.85.25:26465;AnimalCraft
pvp.pitforge.com;pitforge
play.vcserver.org;Voidcraft
69.175.57.88;MirdGaming Hard Flatworld
198.144.183.116:25665;DisbrowCraft
74.122.192.22:25582;Survive & Venture
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
198.8.83.87;Eclipse Zombie PVP
208.117.11.205;Deception PvP
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
diamondlife.co;Diamond Life 
solidcraft.mcfrag.net;SolidCraft-Spain
mc.d3rpcraft.org;derpcraft
thespidersden.com;The Spiders Den
198.143.189.188;Viruscraft
199.187.120.114:25580;ShadowCast Cloud Network
2tx.org;2tx
mc.mc092.com;MC092
sv.highland-server.com;HighLand
87.98.194.88:25665;Blockfactory
209.105.227.163:25576;RemoteCraft
192.210.136.231:25865;Duscissions
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
69.175.9.18;CrusadePvP
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
69.175.9.18;CrusadePvP
Epictrollabytes.mcph.co:25863;EpicTrollaBytes
66.85.187.20;ClockWork Prison
ingot.mccraft.us;IngotCraftMc
mc.instapvp.com;instapvp {factions} {pvp}
mc.minetsii.es;minetsii
mc.mobarenas.com;Mob Arenas
mcskyblock.com;Skyblock Server
75.127.11.59;Coin's Jail
199.229.253.49;Inferno Craft
216.172.106.215;RedBladePvP
mc.deadx.net;Constant_Creative
37.122.248.104;PvP.Kingdom
185.38.148.87:25594;Coin city Jail
survival.efcraft.net;efCraftSurvival
mc.kime.co;Kime Server
91.121.221.128:25634;TheMoDzHD Factions
fatal.pro;felix
craftnslash.tftpd.net;Craft N' Slash
108.178.32.164;CreeperValley
mc.magmasurge.net;Magmasurge
griefcraft.info;GriefCraft Voltz (24/7) 
play.itsjerryandharry.com;Jerry and Harry
192.210.194.74:25765;StormnationPvP
hub.famecraft.org;FameCraft Factions | HGPv
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
minetime.com;Minetime Cloud
mc-smp.com;LockedCraft Network
era-pvp.fluctis.com:25825;Era PvP
69.162.66.19:25643;SwordandSteel
metropvp.com;[Metro PvP]
pvp.50dkp.com;50Craft
mc.multiworlds.de;Together-Building
198.24.172.58;'MericaCraft
96.8.116.51;Super Lego Craft
mc.mineplex.net;Mineplex
play-skyblock.com;play-skyblock.com
mc.epitopica.com;Epitopica
ez-pvp.com;EZPVP
mc.life4fps.es;LIFE4FPS
192.210.232.108;[}{]ell Raids
66.85.130.42:31555;ScorchCraft
tekkit.frostcast.net;Frostcast Tekkit Lite
MinePlus.Sytes.Net;Mineplus
198.15.88.226;Silent Fall
LockedInPrison.com;LockedInPrison
sg1.mcmn.eu;MCMN V2
mc.enderrepublic.com;The Ender Republic
firecraft.mine.nu;FireCraft
join.cfew.us;CFEW
skyblock.net;Sskyblock
185.16.84.31:25865;The WolfCraft Server
play.ballzofsteel.com;ballzofsteel
185.16.85.22;Terramar
198.8.95.21;VintageCraft
185.16.85.17;Sky'sThePoint
play.cubiccraft.net;CubicCraft
198.24.165.2;Tkon Craft SkyWorld
yourbukkitserver.no-ip.biz;RenewCraft
SDpyro.net;SDpyro's Realms
108.60.193.139:26065;MineShafters
mc.mineers.com;Mineers
Lastoutpost.mcserver.ws;1.6.2 Pvp, Factions, Raid
184.154.176.67;VICE
mc.ng-gaming.net;Next Generation Gaming
craftedlands.com;Craftedlands
mc.bobfishproductions.com;Fish Craft
copycraft.gameserv.co;Copycraft
89.215.196.149;VarnaCraft! PvP 
varnacraft.tk;Varna Craft!
118.88.30.124;GloCraft
rhythmpvp.com;RhythmPvP
mc.godshake.eu:25585;GodShake - all in one
94.23.1.6:25569;Survival Games
mc17.serverminer.com:25588;Rayecraft
192.227.136.41:25665;SpCraft
mountainview-minecraft.net;Mountainview
37.59.161.82;specks pvp raid 
mc.angelicsurvival.com;Angelic Survival
PrisonCraft.McServer.Me;PrisonCraft
servercraft.mymc.io;ServerCraft
Codypilot.com;H4V0C Gaming Comunity
minecraft.lostshard.com;Lost Shard
ulti-mine.nl;Ulti Mine
mc.simplegaming.net;Simple Gaming
nopvpmine.servegame.com:25575; Mine World
198.23.148.212:25765;McSpiffy
Creepolothism.net:25575;Creepolothism
Creepolothism.net:25575;Creepolothism
77.111.241.168;Divined Realms
Play.Veyern.com;Veyern Gaming
mc08.serverminer.com;OlympianCraft
pizzacraft.playmine.nl;Pizzacraft.playmine.nl
survival-imperiumc.servegame.com;Imperiumc
Alkatras-prison.com;Alkatras
184.171.170.103;LapisCraft
198.24.166.58:43258;UltimatePixelmon
75.127.11.165;SilverCrownJail
85.190.175.97;Vunensis
CakeRaidv2.tk;CakeRaid
198.24.172.58:25639;HaleCraft
pvp.minecraftserver.com;PvP Minecraft Server
108.170.5.66:25725;CakeCraft
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
steamjo.mcph.co:52326;SteamJoCraft
EDawg878.com;edawg878
PvP.MinePlank.com;MinePlank PvP
EmpireMC.a2g.gs;EmpireMC
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
198.24.170.146:35093;TheCraftBros
69.175.45.180;Swag PvP
play.pulsepvp.net;PulsePVP 
wallsmc.com;mc zone
mc.worldoftux.com;World of Tux
192.210.236.7:25665;knights of lividus
66.71.253.122:25573;GlowCraft
198.154.120.55;Shroomcraft
mc.battlepalace.com;Battle Palace
81.19.211.100;SRGaming.co.uk
192.210.232.88;LapzitCraft
play.battlepvp.com;[1.5] -=[BattlePVP - Fact
empirenation.co;EmpireNation
46.105.151.109;Jocraft Prison
mc.exileservers.com;OPEXILE
play.nc.us.to;Neornithes Craft
mc.craft-ocracy.com;MarvelPVP
s.mcfatecraft.com;McFatecraft Survival     
Play.mc-Imperiallegion.us;Imperial legions
play.mcmegacraft.org;Megacraft 
ravegn.com;Ravecraft
63.251.20.208;Goodtimes Factions
nl-mc.com;New Liberty Factions
zevenpvp.net;ZevenPVP [FACTIONS] [PVP]
projecteden.us;Project Eden
mc.minecrafters.net.au;Minecrafters
198.49.65.8;Skull Craft
5.9.39.181:25715;Diamondisland/DiamantÃ¸en
173.236.85.125;Vital PvP
hub.hcraid.com;HcRaid
play.gameslabs.net;mario kart!
hivemc.eu;SURVIVAL GAMES
FactionPvP.in;FactionPvP
yodiacraft.mcpro.co;YodiaCraft
mc-craft4you.de;Craft4You
game.mcplotmadness.com;Official Plot Madness!
isleofrona.mine.nu;FluffyCraft
Play.Smash-Craft.co.uk;Smash-Craft
173.199.78.22:25615;alfies minecraft server
65.60.13.89;KWR BASE- Super Survival
66.71.253.122;CJ's server
82.145.58.18;TheBloodThornOrder
mc36.serverminer.com:25595;Pizza Killers
76.72.172.240:25798;The Walking Dead
185.16.85.46:25665;IgnitedBedrock
176.31.117.38;Enredor's World
greatlakesservers.com;Great Lakes Server.
46.4.59.50:25583;Bloodtide Corp Direwolf20
192.111.134.183;Infinitycraft
mc36.serverminer.com:25569;CraftCraftMc
solumcraft.com;Solumcraft
skyblock.oneminecraft.com;24/7 SkyBlock 
spacetekkit.hexcraft.org;Space HexCraft
198.12.120.138;ZombiZ | US1-Public
mc.villagecraftmc.com;VillageCraft
f.muskmc.com;MuskMC
mc.defconcraft.net;Defcon Craft
minecraft2.me;Dylan + daniel
halfmob.tk;Halfmob's Survival Server
69.175.55.42;BladeCraft
65.60.15.94;Mastered Craft
minecraftexperts.net;Minecraft Experts Prison
play.mczone.co;MC Zone
108.60.194.28;WickedCraft
76.72.172.174;Crimson PvP
play.onyxmc.com;Onyx MC
81.30.154.102;Ktm-Craft
199.116.114.140;Legion PVP 
198.15.76.210:25585;Blazecraft
198.24.128.234:25697;DrakoCraft
FarlandsPvP.com;FarlandsPvP
75.127.13.109;GalaxyCraft 24/7 Minecraft Server
pvp.dearcraft.net;DearCraft
xtcraft.com.br;XTcraft
play.smackpvp.net;SmackPVP Factions 1.6.4
198.24.171.93;MCOmnicraft
kratosminecraft.strangled.net;Kratos Minecraft
75.127.11.118;Imposter-Craft
142.54.161.43;DiamondDozen
192.210.148.215;GodCraft
Minetime.com;Theawesome
mc.cowcraft.net;cowcraft
repcraft.multiminecraft.com;REPCraft
cocraft.net:44864;CoerciveCraft
50.82.64.224;Hetocraft
198.24.172.58;NatesCraft 
31.3.251.179;Cluter
198.23.130.145;JumboCraft 24/7
play.minecraft.dk;Spacebug Survival Server
play.coolcraft.org.uk;CoolCraft
75.127.0.60:25765;AscendedCraft [PVP][RAID]
minecraft2.me;bullpuppy
mc.braincraft26.com;Braincraft
108.174.59.143;Uprising Survival 
108.170.61.35;Hg Of Minecraft
timber-wolves.net;Timber Wolves
198.23.247.106;Magic Craft
199.96.85.5;Knoxville Server
198.23.247.106;MagicCraft
peepzcraft.no-ip.org;Peepzcraft
69.175.45.18;ViarCraft
mc.teamvareide.com;TeamVareide
play.phoenixminecraft.net:27044;Phoenix MineCraft
mc43.serverminer.com:25573;Vision Craft
mc.dancraft.net;Minecraft Server
82.119.123.106;Alfi's World
spvp.me;SwordPVP
78.46.94.226:25566;Mystery-Craft
lazulimc.net;Lazuli MC
199.116.138.36;Surviville
meta-union.com;Meta-Union
mc.shadysands.co.uk;Shady Sands SMP
198.24.171.90:25633;Asiancraft
192.210.233.123;SageCraft
skyblock.net;SunnieCraft
dinolegend.mcserver.ws;DinoLegend
108.170.21.42:28024;LegitCraft
dcus.gvardia.me:25566;DragonCraft DCUS
play.redstoneincmc.net;Redstone Inc
198.154.115.2;jdcraft
Mc.UnholyMaze.Us;Unholy Maze
mc.redstonetorch.com;Redstone Craft
192.210.233.145;MerorCraft
198.154.120.55;ShroomCraft
192.210.233.123;SageCraft
78.129.165.145;Vengeance PVP
Ronsworld.mcph.co:25815;117 Combatstrikeunit
66.85.164.39;Elusive PvP
96.8.116.20:25765;DarkCraft
world.gibcraft.com;GiBcraft
192.95.30.125:25567;Immersion-Craft
sg.thepigmc.us;ThePigMc
mc.ahoyworld.co.uk;Ahoy World
CraftVille.is.si;CraftVille
mc-hg.org;hunger games
s31.hosthorde.com:25695;HopeCraft
dinolegend.mcserver.ws; Dino Legend | FactionPVP
mc.bodycountgaming.com;BodyCount Gaming
108.170.5.66:25693;Scorched Earth
tynet.a2g.gs;TyphoonNetwork
Creed-craft.com;CreedCraft
mc38.serverminer.com;Horizonpvp
sky.dragonsdoom.net;Dragons Doom Skyblock/Sur
184.171.249.198;Structurecraft
dallas.provisionhost.com;DallasCraft
Freedomcraftmc.com;FreedomCraft
mc.immortalcraftpvp.net:25865;Immortal Craft
MC.XeneumGaming.Com;DreamCraft
208.115.246.59;Land of Drath
173.236.85.247;Project Eden
mcconpvp.a2g.gs;Clash Of Nations
216.172.107.217;Underverse
74.117.238.22;Peepcraft
198.49.65.12;Foxcraft Minecraft Server
lemuria-pixelmon.serveminecraft.net;Lemuria Pixelmon
mc.animal-town.net;Animal Town
killion.evolutiongaming.org;Killion Detention Center
198.27.83.136:25580;Marenoki
play.the10kings.com;The 10 Kings
play.doomcraft.us;DoomCraft - Survival
Skyblock.org;alexgeamartinez
play.minecraftuk.com;MinecraftUK.com
192.227.132.211;TheBroadSword Server!
mc.novafactions.com;NovaFactions
skyblock.net;SkyBlock
198.24.160.187;PsychoCraft
66.85.149.218:25683;TotalMinecraft
thesixkingdoms.game.nfoservers.com;TSK CRaft
play.doomcraft.us;DoomCraft - Survival
wc.lumengaming.com;MC-Creative
mc.sputnik1net.org;Sputnik One Networks
minecartgalaxy.no-ip.org;MineCart Galaxy
play.dbdmc.com;DBD Minecraft
play.sabotagepvp.net;Sabotage PvP
188.165.216.9:25569;SKYNET-GDDN
66.85.178.94;|SkyCraftPvP|
188.165.251.178;Kraftzone
ozcubed.com;ozcubed
192.111.132.181;KidzCraft
mc.eressiminecraft.com;Family Friendly Server Eressi Minecraft
play.mcthebox.com;The Box
pvp.blueskymasters.com;BSMHardCorePvP
play.wiredgaming.info:25597;Wired-Gaming 24/7 NOLAG H
108.170.21.42:28086;MZCraft
mcworld.cloudapp.net;SunBurnPVP
108.174.60.68:25665;VoidRealm
toxic.mcph.co;ToXIc MC
minecraftinferno.com:26180;MinecraftInferno
50.31.67.9;Quickk-Craft
simple.mcserver.ws;SimpleCraft
mc.muffinpvp.com;MuffinPvP
play.mccrafters.com;MC Crafters 
knoppia.net;knoppia
play.mccrafters.com;McCrafters 
play.piedmontmc.net;Piedmont Minecraft
s27.hosthorde.com:25607;Cousins Clan
192.210.233.67;QuartzcraftPvp
184.95.39.174;Music-Craft Survival Serv
faction.adroition.net;Titan Reach
198.23.130.184;ResistPvP
Mc.Heyaapl.com;AppleCraft
godlycraft.no-ip.org;GodlyCraft [PvP] [No Lag]
82.145.63.125;JazCraft
s19.hosthorde.com:25603;IceCraft
s19.hosthorde.com:25603;IceCraft
mcriotcraft.com;RiotCraft
www.craftmachine.net;Craftmachine
192.210.233.83;Dwarven Craft
play.chaotyc-factions.com;Chaotyc Factions
mc.awesomemariofan.com;AwesomeMarioFan Gaming
198.154.115.43;Optic Craft
99.198.120.77;MMLCraft
198.24.168.250:30043;Peacecraft
minespark.fluctis.com;Minespark
play.awol-mc.net;A Whole Other Level
67.222.131.178;Auracraft
mc.edgewiregaming.com;EdgeWireGaming
184.154.206.42;South-Canada
66.85.178.94;|SkyCraftPvP|
dabbycraft.mcph.co:25738;DabbyCraft
mc.mcdrugcartel.com;Drug Cartel
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
mc.craftcloud.org;The Craft Cloud
50.31.66.61;Pride MC
nerducopia.no-ip.biz;Nerducopia
sky.mc-a.us;CraftAU Skyblock Survival
ftb.mc-a.us;CraftAU Feed the Beast
war.mc-a.us;CraftAU WarZ Factions
198.8.95.27;TerraPvP
minecraftsmp.org:25511;SMP FACTIONS 
play.infinitesurvival.net;Infinite Survival
78.143.2.87;coolserver.net
Konigroke.com;KonigRoke
69.175.45.165;HardcoreUniverse
play.skypirates.us;Skypirates
tallcraft.com;Tallcraft
mc.minereapers.com;Minereapers Genesis
castlekingdoms.mcserver.ws;The Castle Kingdoms
orbzgaming.net;OrbzGaming
mc.onyx-craft.net;OnyxCraft Towny
mc.cubeprison.net:30073;Cube Prison
74.121.181.194:25616;ModernSurvival
server.phoenixugs.com;{Phx}Minecraft Server
CB-HUB.COM;Citi-Build Community 
skyland.mine.nu:25665;Sky Adventures
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
fr.youpwn.org;YoupWn
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
192.227.132.195:25665;ArchonCraft
198.245.68.43;Terecraft
mc-exoion.org;Exoion Penitentiary.
216.155.147.54;CordCraft Factions
delorean.eagleworld.net;Eagleworld
mc.fortresswars.com;Fortress Wars
75.102.46.69:25765;Ravecraft
192.111.133.222;BlackNinjaCraft
66.85.149.212;Caliber PVP **FACTIONS**R
209.105.236.229;CaptainJayCraft
mc.cethland.es:25570;CLand
198.12.123.214;Greek Gaming
198.154.113.26;Knight world
69.162.126.13;Assassins of the Youth
192.99.39.154;Super Happy Wild
mc.tempusrealms.com;Tempus Realms
198.23.247.184;SimpleTimes
fancierfactions.com;Fancier Factions 
sunstonemc.no-ip.org;SunStoneMC
198.24.128.115;PapelDeMadera
Pixelmon.CreatureCraftMC.com;Creature Craft Pixelmon
play.randomsurvival.net;[NEW] RandomSurvival - Pr
LostEmpire.co.uk;Lost Empire
quantumcraft.tekkithost.com;Quantumcraft
trolcraft.serverbuilds.com;trol-craft
beat.minecraft.to;electric9's Server
69.175.28.248;PrimeCraft Towny
play.outlawpvp.net;OutlawPvP
69.175.65.204;CACTUS CRAFT
H4v3n.us;Aetherion
mc.vaporcraft.us;VaporCraft
crafteemc.com;Craftee 
184.154.92.4;SurvivalCraft.US
173.255.0.134;SmashCRAFT 1.5.2
192.210.143.51:25865;Oinkcraft
survival.8bitpanda.net;8-Bit Panda-Craft
MC1.ArenaPvP.net;ArenaPvP
mc.reclaimercraft.com;Reclaimercraft
newcraft.mine.bz:25620;NewCraft City Server
198.20.98.220;Passion For PvP
NewLand.minecraft.to;NewLand
93.189.7.85:25573;Frogblock
play.TheMassMC.net;TheMassMC
199.187.127.141:25572;ChoiceRealms
198.27.81.84:25582;Berzerkercraft
108.170.46.171;=Eternal-Empire=
play.buker.net;The Buker Network
198.23.159.23;Gangle-Craft 2 (pvp)
funcraft.servegame.org;Funcraft
77.111.241.168;Divined Realms
198.24.175.53;The Neon Server
mc.blocklandia.com:27065;Blocklandia
pabicraft.no-ip.org;[PabiCraft] 
72.249.124.181:25665;SkyBlock HardCore
198.24.166.242:25744;Shadow faction
mad-realm.com;Mad-Realm
play.pokecrazed.com;PokeCrazed
172.245.34.24;FLSWAG
play.abovecrafting.com;Above Crafting
voltacraft.PlayAt.CH;[FTB] VoltaCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
create.mc-hw.com;HeroWorld Create
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
play.redcreeper.net;Red Creeper
noobcraftmc.net;evan
85.236.102.65:27965;EXFF Skyblock Island
mc.omnipvp.com;OmniPvP
206.217.130.173;E and J
142.4.49.138:25652;BattleCraft
108.170.25.117;Survival Game Masters Ser
mc.phoenixlair.net:25620;Phoenixlair
144.76.63.80:25665;RockstarCraft
mc.apocgaming.org:7849;APOC Hexxit 
5.39.5.193;KingdomCraft
206.217.143.88;Dak's Army
mc.mcvrworld.com;VRWorld
88.150.136.87;A Minecraft Server
37.59.183.180;FireRealmPvP
198.27.75.19:25578;Peru Minecraft
84.200.44.77;PvPrison
188.212.100.11;Fun.TruePlay.Ro
37.59.47.10:25581;Virtual
76.100.227.57;Crafty Server
play.planetcraftation.com;Planet Craftation
173.236.85.247;ProjectEden
mc.drug-craft.us;Drug Craft
85.236.101.7:26265;Cloud Survival
ssss.me;SSSS.ME
mc.goldencreeper.com;Golden Creeper
blockaholics.org;Blockaholics
mc.desiredcraft.net;Daniels
69.175.59.211;EldariaCraft
75.127.12.35;ClassicCraft
Shcraft.net;Showcraft Network
Mc.MineUp.Net;* â¢ Â» MineUp Â« â¢ *
198.49.65.69;BrotherhoodPVP
198.12.121.133;BurgerCraft-SuperNatrural
hg-server.com;Green Land HG
85.190.133.182;EliteToaster
UltimaCraft.minecraftserver.net;Ultima Craft
play.mcdelirium.com;MC Delirium
199.229.251.124;Minetropia 24/7
88.150.136.87;Creepers Universe MC
185.16.85.41;BritishPride
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
184.171.170.122;AdventureCraft
mcps.mcpro.co;Pure survival
mc.zdug.com;Classic zDug Revamped
mc36.serverminer.com:25569;CraftCraftMC
184.154.11.12;Marblecraft  2.0
Mine-King.com;Mine-King
176.31.16.67:25621;GreyWaterCraft
mc.destinycraft.org;Lolear
198.154.110.245;SidCraft
minekitpvp.com;KitPvP Server
185.16.84.13:26165;TheGoldenCrafter
Play.EnderNetworks.net;EnderNetWorks
mc.wookz.co;Wook-Z [A RPG Experience]
mc.gamerswell.com;Official GamersWell Server
198.12.66.165;Jn Craft
66.225.195.103;CreeperPvP
192.111.142.84;ClubGiraffe
MC.PLAYME.LV;PLAYME
192.111.137.117;DeluxCraft
75.127.10.151:25566;[AAA] Vanilla Survival
mc.ember.li;Ember
mine4fun.no-ip.biz;mine4fun
play.tekkify.com;Tekkify
Mine-King.com;Norsk minecraft server
Mine-King.com;Norsk server
Mine-King.com;Pvp server
198.24.183.2:25609;DiamondPVP
SmexyPvP.net;SmexyHub
Craft4Duty.verygames.net;Craft4Duty
mc38.serverminer.com;BloodCurse
multicraft.mymc.io;Multi Craft
84.200.37.85;Zapetia
208.115.225.134;Special Faces Minecraft!
creepysuperzombie.net;CreepySuperZombie
64.31.51.227:25597;Shwing Prison
ericcraft.dyndns.info;Eric Craft
tkd.minecraft.is;tkd.minecraft.is
p.mc-sb.tk:65236;MultiKraft
184.164.135.130;MiddleEarth
108.174.57.18:25765;Undead_miners
mc.craft-rp.net;Craft-RP/Craft-PVP
198.24.128.234:25706;RANDOMO CRAFT
77.111.236.44;PetaCraft - PvP HardCore
funcoland.gotgeeks.com;Funcoland Fantasy 
f.omnititan.com;OmniTitan
198.20.109.45;Conseqraft
mc.abisscraft.com;abisscraft
PLAY.MC-LOC.COM;Lore of Crafters
198.20.102.151;sas pvp
doorcraft.mcpro.co;Doorcraft
mc.toxicgamingsquirrels.com;ToxicCraft
85.236.100.199:32465;Ayestaran
PVP.SX;LIO.SC
www.maddyncraft.com;MaddynCraft
198.24.167.194:25838;Kitteh287's MadHouse
mcs.fighttomaim.com;cottage town
mcs.fighttomaim.com;Cotton Town
c.servegame.com;RedMine Minecraft
mc.foncusedcraft.us.to;FoncusedCraft
128.65.215.54;LearnToPlay - L2P
mc-preycraft.tk;Preycraft
pvp.titaniumpvpers.com;TitaniumUniverse
108.170.61.24;Franklin's Server
184.154.25.101;IllusionOnline
badguycraft.playat.ch;BadGuyCraft
192.210.143.72;We Punch Trees - Survival
66.85.130.42:31564;AuraCraft
192.210.230.185;Legend Craft
gpanel.wobhosting.com;World Of Bros
192.210.232.240;NoobTown
play.pokeheavenmc.us;PokeHeaven
95.154.215.136;IvarCraft! Factions & PVP
192.210.148.227:25575;Four Palms
ironman.ecizone.com;Tekkit classic
mcvault.mcph.co:25581;RiceThink
152.111.192.238;gMz MWEB Minecraft
mc.abisscraft.com;AbissCraft
192.186.154.90:25000;JWL Hexxit
198.27.67.95:25837;broscraft
5.9.158.149:25570;AppleCraft
aeroverse.cu.cc:25583;AeroVerse
play.sonoyuncu.com;SonOyuncu
108.170.15.242:29003;tekkit lite
172.245.31.51;InsanityCraft
75.127.0.37:25865;AwesomeRealms
killa.co;killaco
192.210.218.227:25665;RisingAxes
173.255.13.154;MegaCraftPVP
77.111.201.13;PTCraft
77.111.201.13;PTCraft
93.91.250.103:27597;Stargate craft
5.102.168.6;frictioncratf
ChainmailCraft.com;ChainmailCraft Server
lct.mcserver.ws;LapisCraft Towny
hub.cencraft.net;Cencraft Network
sensationcraft.no-ip.org;Sensation Craft
MINECRAFT2.ME;Matts Craft
Towny.PunchCraft.us;PunchCraft Towny
mc.mutleycraft.net;MutleyCraft
Factions.PunchCraft.us;PunchCraft Factions
mc.minealot.com;MineAlot
Skyblock.punchcraft.us;PunchCraft Skyblock
Creative.PunchCraft.us;PunchCraft Creative
216.158.68.106:25577;CloneCraft
simjeyy.org;SimJeYY
mc.xpbuild.com;xP//Build Towny, Creative
mc.fandomcraft.co.uk:25764;Fandomcraft
192.210.229.60;LegitMC
mc.spartanmc.net;Spartan MC
s.NoCakeGames.de;NoCakeGames
mc.swaycraft.net;SwayCraft
mc.ancientcraft.net;AncientCraft
play-skyblock.com;Lichcraft
216.245.196.173;Risen From Prison
mc.pulseclan.net;PulseClan
69.162.74.178:25577;Mirvcraft
85.236.100.50:31265;RaidSmp
play.dg-mg.club;DG-MG Club
play.sparklepvp.net;SparklePvP
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
192.210.232.76;Toxic Pvp
198.23.148.116;Survival Craft
s36.hosthorde.com:25619;[UK/EU] Dusketeers
voidlands.lumengaming.com;Void Lands
198.24.175.66:25594;CuriosityNetwork
198.12.126.163;Deserted Factions
185.16.85.25:26365;McEzpz
HostileMC.net;HostileMC
46.228.202.237;MineCraft
176.31.215.176;Fun Build Gaming 
play.cnation.net;Craft Nation
jdbmcraft.com;JDBM Craft
play.orioncraft.us;Orioncraft
66.85.183.26:25835;BroPvP
50.31.103.51;Ryku's Aether II Server
kimmerah.minescraft.com.br;Kimmerah
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
75.127.11.210:25995;Basil Craft
snowcraft.playmine.nl;Snowcraft
skyblock.net;skyblock
adventuretales.us;Arizona Springs 
game-winground.hopto.org;WingroundServer
parkour.infinitenetwork.net;Infinite Parkour
rashgarroth.locserv.com:27030;Archimonde
64.237.39.170:27465;TrollCraft
184.95.39.130:25644;LumixCraft
mc.llfrealms.com;LLFRealms
184.171.170.75;Procraft
SKY.RAREMC.COM;Rarecraft - Skyblock
75.127.11.60;IncredibleCraft
192.111.137.159;BlazinPvP
hungergames.sheen.id.au;Mikeland Hunger Games
endgaming.mcph.co;The EndGaming Network
ericcraft.dyndns.info:25566;Eric Craft Classic
27.50.72.58:25618;NRG-Craft
mc.almost-there.org;Almost There Survival
24.13.124.194;Extreme SMP
dcminecraft.the-lonewolf.net;D&C Productions Survival
192.95.40.76;KB Craft Gaming
mc.rvpvp.net;Revolution PvP ll New Map ll
mc.cozicraft.com;cozicraft.com
mc.minegiant.net;MineGiant
192.227.132.206:25665;Elysium Crafting
enginecraft.nitrous.it:25581;enginecraft
198.24.165.234:30064;melonrealms
gamesmadeinpola.com;GamesMadeInPola
Ballista.mcdl.us;BallistaCraft
pvp.pure-mc.us;Pure-MC
mtplay.mcpro.co:43001;mtplay
mc.toolegit.eu;Too Legit
198.23.148.75:25665;GuardianPvP Factions
185.16.85.25:26465;AnimalCraft
skyblock.org;Skyblock
play.dragon-weed.net;Dragon Weed
HabbasFTBServer.PlayAt.CH;Habbas FTB Server: DW20
kyxcraft.jestservers.com;Kyxcraft Ultimate Prison
test.minecraft.ms;Test Server
198.154.115.37;AssassinHaven
ResortCraft.mccraft.us;ResortCraft
kfpmc.org;Kfperin's SMP Server!
77.111.239.191:6969;Mine Rebeldes PT
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
199.188.100.205:25665;OutlastCraft
cbc.dtdns.net;Chain Bridge
play.shadowrealm.us;TheShadowRealm
198.154.112.175;Serenity Craft
skyblock.org;skyblock
exylecraft.verygames.net;Exylecraft
s5.mineserv.eu:28282;GhostCraft
mc.godlycraft.com;GodlyCraft
0tx.org;0tx.org
69.64.52.14;WC Minecraft!
176.227.192.34;Retonix
1.cubeserver.org;CubeServer #1
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.12.126.163;Deserted Factions and Dru
spartapvp.com:25569;SpartaPVP
TDM.me;TDM.me
85.190.134.86;Hard server,very Event
mc.huycraft.net;HuyCraft
46.40.124.143;bloolfun
46.40.124.143;bulgaria 
82.145.58.122;Blockland
zozo.minecraft.to;ZoZos PvP Server
108.174.59.41;kin survival
burlin.org;PmononokeCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
ApolloCraft.mcph.co:25987;ApolloCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.49.66.121;FreakMC
66.223.16.147;FUTURE WORLD
TDM.me;TDM.me
Chickmine.com;ChickMine
play.madcrafterz.com;Mad Crafterz
85.236.101.6:27965;DodgysHoose
blockparty.minecrafted.net;BlockParty
198.24.134.114;AlcatrazCraft
192.210.236.39:25665;HauntCraft
musiccraft.no-ip.org;Music Craft
dcminecraft.the-lonewolf.net;D&C Productions Survival
lostboys.game-host.org;Lost Boys
69.175.94.20;BreackerCraft
server.minecraftaddicts.com;Minecraft Addicts
108.170.14.146:26020;Purplecraft
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft Cloud
s.mcdoghouse.com;The DogHouse
play.legionpvp.eu;Legion PVP
184.171.251.76;RezCraftPvp
mc27.crew.sk:25582;[TheCrafServer] [CZ/SK]
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.teamone.sg;TeamOne Gaming Server
lefs.me;LefsCraft
144.76.29.202:25573;PvP
ranni.ca;SLG
199.229.251.30;TurtleCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
play.digitalcraftonline.ca;DigitalCraftOnline
Green.legitplay.net;Gorka gay
50.31.103.187;Craft 4Ever
havocinparadise.mcserver.ws;Havoc In Paradise
77.111.193.36;SpongeCraft PvP
firecraft.org;coolpvp
ultimateminecraft.net;UltimateMinecraft
play.spaceaze.com;SpaceAze - Multi-Server -
198.23.167.79;Raging PVP! Factions!
mc.fullpvpcraft.com;fullpvpcraft
ftb.modicraft.com;ModiCraft
Minehardgamers.com;Minehardgamers
5.39.38.216;ShadCraft
198.23.72.88;NEW FluxCraft 24/7 Factions
mcnetwork.co;MCNetwork
TDM.me;TDM.me
s42.hosthorde.com:25627;MortsWorld
198.8.89.117;CreeperzCave
mc.destructionpvp.net;Destruction PvP
198.23.130.51;TestoCraft
goodandevilftb.com;Vanilla 1 7 2 With Plugins
yourcraft.mccraft.us;YourCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
108.170.21.42:28091;Gotham Craft
198.27.81.84;PlanetPVP
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
199.188.100.202:25665;New Era City
skyblock.net;skyblock
198.154.112.175;Serenity craft
mc.Enaxy.dk;Enaxy.dk
82.145.63.241;PanuuCraft
178.33.81.148;New Server- Admins Needed
192.210.136.234;Smuggles island
87.106.136.67;KewlMCserver (KMCS)
mc.kraftkings.com;KraftKings
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
VentruTech.net;VentruTech
TDM.me;TDM.me
Minetime.com;Minetime Cloud
game.fucraft.net;FuCraft
mc2.fadehost.com:25592;Flipper Craft
108.166.163.133;LastOfUsSMP
64stack.com;64Stack
tradecraft.mcserver.ws;TradeCraft
67.222.131.179;Revenge PvP
skyblock.net;Skyblock
91.121.15.214:25583;IrishMiners
198.24.171.34:28132;Twisted Factions
mc.minecraftint.com;Prison International 
tamayura.ca;~ tamayura 35 ~
everpvp.dk;EverPvP
mc.troublecraftpvp.net:47399;TroubleCraftPvP
144.76.165.167;LightLegends
5.9.66.77:25574;CubeCraft
176.9.119.66:25567;Sandcraft || Survival
77.111.193.244;UltimateCraft
meinnewcraft.de;Grand Theft Minecraft
TrollCraft.nhm11.creeperhost.net;TrollCraft
198.24.164.74;Golden Legends
cosmos.game.nfoservers.com;The Cosmos
185.9.105.40;Diamond PVP
tamayura.ca;Tamayura
hub.minecraftier.net;MineCraftier.net
198.8.83.117;CrimsonCraft
69.175.52.19;WarCity
208.115.225.142;NF-MC
mchighsociety.com:25628;The High Society Server
Minetime.com;Minetime
mc27.serverminer.com:25697;SleepyCraft
5.9.13.211:25578;PupCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft
Minetime.com;Minetime
scentric.com;Underwood PvP
mc.theflyingsmurfs.com;The Flying Smurfs
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft Cloud
1926030.mc.mpgs.co;LifeCast
play.gotpvp.com;GotPvP
69.65.40.171:27465;Opened World
198.27.83.111:25571;ThatOneCraft
Minetime.com;Mintime Cloud
mc.bulletphase.com;bulletphase
mc.bulletphase.com;bulletphase
198.24.178.178:25608;EqoGaming
198.24.178.178;Solanum Craft
the-trio-of-thrones.veoserv.com;The Trio of Thrones
173.230.141.54;CMS
minetime.com;Minetime cloud
77.111.248.96;LusoPT 
172.245.31.168;CraftGasm
pvp.blueskymasters.com;blueskymasters
69.175.80.229;NonsenseKnights
37.59.161.77;CanadiaMc
thyregard.com;Thyregard
198.27.74.184;Lizard Pixelmon Server
mc2.xenogamers.org;XenoGamers Minecraft
Op.toxicmc.com;Toxicmc
mc.minecraftbuddy.com;MinecraftBuddy
JuegosDelHambre.DeadPlayers.Es;Juegos Del Hambre
198.23.130.51;TestoCraft
coremc.us;THE CORE
198.154.120.39;Our server [1.6] =D
198.154.120.39;SurvivalCrafts 1.6
simplycraft.us;Simply-Craft|Factions|Eco
198.23.247.6;Phantoms-Craft
mc.frictioncraft.tk;FrictionCraft
www.craftmachine.net;Craftmachine Server
mc.bulletphase.com;bulletphase
77.111.237.184;Thevelocimotion
69.175.36.76;Valhallus
176.31.89.71;Profanity Prison Server
184.164.132.156;SaaraCraft
69.175.65.194;DefemCraft
192.227.132.211:25765;The BroadSword Server
184.154.186.60;promisedprison
s.mcrival.com;MCRival - Semi-Vanilla - 
mc.chroniclegames.net;ChronicleGames
atom-craft.no-ip.org;AtomCraftChile
69.25.207.181:25568;Ramcraft
survival.8bitpanda.net;Panda Craft!
ShCraft.net;ShowCraft
play.mdcraft.info;MDCraft *Best Server*
108.174.60.86:25665;Realm of Eden
game.blueminecraft.com;Blue Minecraft
play.vcservers.org;Voidcraft
198.15.65.147;Frost Realms
173.199.80.251:25605;Cave'Os
kew.my64k.com;Kew's Server
185.16.85.20:26065;Aspirecraft
108.178.21.6;UnitedBattles!
91.121.165.160:25560;Warland Blockia
kitsunet.info;Kitsunet
zombiehorde.net;1.6.1 survive the horde
198.15.87.237;A Private FTB Server
184.95.42.170:42974;HeroCraft
btkpvp.mcpro.co;BTK-PVP
ucraftprison.com;uCraft Penitentiary
108.200.20.189;Mc Imagineering 
creative.bobotropolis.com;Bobotropolis Creative
66.71.240.226:25587;DevilCraft Factions/Games
mc.globacraft.com;globacraft
infinite.cheesium.com;Cheesium
mc.moreblocks.com;MoreBlocks PvP
192.210.194.67:25665;FTB (1.4.7) BUILD MORE!
skyblock.net;SkyBlock 1.3.1
75.127.11.111;KyKyGamingServer
LuxusCraft.minecraft.to;LuxusCraft
185.16.84.25:25965;KingdomOpames
198.8.93.32;GemCraft
199.21.113.218;Minigame Palace!
mc.pvpcrafters.com;PVPCrafters
176.9.147.73:29514;Alcatraz Prison Server
dream.bananasmores.com;Banana Smores
dudgames.serverminer.com:25566;Dud Games
198.20.109.227;noodlecraft
server.sandlotminecraft.com;The Sandlot
80.86.171.176;Server - City
91.236.254.75:25701;Sylathrind
75.127.0.35:25765;C&C Mindcrack Server
69.162.80.141;Irish Fusiliers MC Server
184.171.170.105;Void Craft
188.165.235.176:25650;SiphMc
play.thelipster.net;The Lipster
216.172.108.100;OPCRAFT
pvp.ecruos.us;Ecruos PvP Server
198.24.140.202:25570;Hidden Land
Hub.Xethon.com;Xethon Network 
184.164.132.154:59268;WeRollGaming
minehost37.host-unlimited.de:25735;CriticalCraft
mc.plundercraft.com;Plunder Craft
108.170.17.74;UniversalGamingCraft
46.253.196.84:25665;Ulfcraft
184.95.61.18:49126;ShadyCraft
198.15.76.210:30036;S!KCRAFT
75.127.0.57:25865;GoldMinez
spyrocraft.mcph.co:25571;SpyroCraft
93.186.205.78;Vanilla Therapy
68.41.22.251;Game of Blocks
mc-rsg.com;RedSkull
95.154.215.154;Pyrocraft
185.16.85.50:25965;C_H_R_I_S_'s Legit SMP
TDM.me;TDM.me
play.gnpcraft.net;GnPCraft
198.24.140.202:25619;XelonCraft
play.unchainedpvp.net;UnchainedPVP
mc.blackcraft.us;skyblock
172.245.25.200;EzRaZerPvP
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.blacklungmining.com;Black Lung Mining
play.pitsnakePVP.com;Pit Snake PVP
zexelpvp.tk;ZeXelPvP
proud2craft.no-ip.org;Proud 2 Craft
Play.minecraftjunkie.com;Minecraft Junkie
windycraft.net;Windycraft
play.meocraft.co.uk:25597;MeoCraft
play.hexxit.co.uk;Hexxit server
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
XxsunsxX.mcph.co:42998;BroCraft
108.170.3.178:33882;DollarBuildsMC
78.129.135.197;Light Craft
fusion.mine.bz;FusionCraft
mc.tjaldesen.dk;Tjaldesen.dk
172.245.30.219;Jordan Santos
217.79.182.206:25610;Optic PvP
mc.darkhatred.net;DarkHatred Minecraft
mc.cowcraft.net;mccowcraft
184.154.38.70;UltimateCraft
108.166.190.37;Cakecraft
hexxit.wolfempire.org;Wolf Empire Hexxit
tofucraft.noip.me;TofuCraft
skygrid.in;SkyGrid.IN
203.33.121.17:25570;Nostalgia Craft
d-pvp.com;DimensionsNetwork
198.24.175.50:25590;CUCraft
93.186.206.13;Smart-Craft
mc.ciaopvp.net;CiaoPvP
108.170.5.66:25782;ShovelMorn
hungergames.frostcast.net;hungergames.frostcast.net
198.23.247.106;MAGIC CRAFT 
play.minecraftercity.com;MineCrafterCity
192.3.6.155;SweetCraftPvP
mc.ajjayrivera.com:31033;ArcadeCraft Minigames server
84.200.240.200:25645;SkyCraft
209.105.244.206;MineReactor
pvp.netherhosted.com;NetherHosted PvP/Factions
stimrob.com;stimrob's server
184.164.152.186:25789;CosmicMinecraft
play.imaginationforest.net;Imagination Forest
Play.VindexCraft.Net;VindexCraft
supercraft-sg.com:21;SuperCraft
Play.GodzCraft.com;GodzCraft
factions.rhythmpvp.com;Rhythm Factions
MC-Chrysos.no-ip.org;MC-Chrysos
217.114.196.89;*NO-PREMIUM* IFC 1.6.2
empireofmc.com;Empire of minecraft
77.111.203.253;NationCraft [PT/BR]
mc.dragons-hammer.es;Dragons Hammer Network
epickits.com;â EpicKits â 1.6.2 â 
s43.hosthorde.com:25566;CreepsPVP
play.actiumcraft.com;Actium Craft
sv.biteate.com;ESP-Biteate Minecraft
wyverncreativeserver.info;Wyvern Creative Server
s43.hosthorde.com:25566;Creeps-pvp
98.253.6.199;24/7--NO LAG--Multiverse
192.95.37.169;Pro Craft
play.octopia.net;Octopia Network
legiterycraft.mcserver.ws;LegiteryCraft
108.170.5.66:25785;Atlas Craft
node47.minecrafted.net:25689;BendingHaven
drugz.enchantingpvp.com;DrugZ
193.192.59.231:25603;MCRoleplayGaming
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me old faction plugin
198.24.180.210:25616;LumberCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me old faction plugin
TDM.me;TDM.me       old factions
TDM.me;TDM.me___    old factions
TDM.me;TDM.me___    old factions
TDM.me;TDM.me___    old factions
sr.minecraft.to;SR-GameServer
dgpvp.com;DGPvP
24.68.32.100;Gondor Gaming Faction War
69.175.57.211;CorpsCraft
minecraftsmp.org;minecraftsmp
199.116.114.157;Crime Time Prison Server
94.249.254.72;Impact PvP
minekey.servegame.com;Minekey
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me___    old factions
198.12.123.24;SurvivalCity
ezcraft.us;eZ_Craft [Economy]
216.185.114.83:29265;UltraCraftServer [1.5.2]
Play.minetastics.com;Minetastics
198.50.204.201;Chaos Infinity
stickycraft.net;Stickycraft
minetime.com;MineTime
69.65.43.33:28065;ShadowCraft
play.wickedcraft.net;WickedCraft
50.155.42.183:25566;Relax Craft
TDM.me;TDM.me___    old factions
TDM.me;TDM.me___    old factions
play.MFMCPrison.net;MFMC Prison
172.245.31.104;Anolia PVP/PVE & Arcade
drugz.enchantingpvp.com;DrugZ
play.mineconomy.org;Mineconomy
s36.hosthorde.com:25632;Pick-Craft
mc.M1N3-TP.com;M1N3-TP
TDM.me;TDM.me___    old factions
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
198.20.98.154;Hype pvp
ezraids.com;eZ Raids
s.beastsmc.com;BeastsmC Survival
37.59.215.100;Eucraft
Hawxcraft.nn.pe:25583;Hawxcraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me___    old factions
mc.amishsmp.net;Amish Paradise
mc.braincraft26.com;Braincraft
superizee.com;Superizee
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
play.engergykingz.net;EngergyKingz 
198.24.166.222;MelonCraft
mc.vanfactions.com;VanFactions
108.174.60.62:25765;Dawn of the Hour
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
play.mctradecraft.com;MCTradeCraft (Original)
lavstud.zapto.org;LÃ¡valÃ¡mpa SMP szerver
officialtjp.com;Official TJP Network
mc.VoidFall.net;VoidFall
play.kingscraftmc.us:25595;KingsCraftmc
85.114.157.182;Public Crafting
mc.cowcraft.net;cowcraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
Mc.Zurocraft.Net;ZuroCraft
Hydrogen.Servegame.com;AweosmeCraft
www.olusion.net;Olusion
nucleocraft.noip.me;Nucleocraft
mc.minecrafttown.com;Minecraft Town [Greylist]
85.131.174.52;BlockCraft
93.186.207.67;Mc-Designbox
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
play.greigscraft.x10.mx;GreigsCraft
198.8.93.233;LegendsCraft | PvP Ranks
MC.Unknowncraft.us;UnknownCraft
198.24.165.154:30037;World Of Blocks
172.245.25.172;Victorycraft
192.210.194.92:25665;Thingcraft
4.31.168.194:13722;Da La Night Crafterz
173.208.199.91;FriendezRealm
192.95.48.157;XarillianGaming
fortune500.mcph.co:27660;Fortune500craft 
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.skyblock.pl;Skyblock
108.60.194.11;AntiCraftMc
82.145.63.122;chillvilletk2
172.245.30.243;Platinum Mcmmo
TwoRiversSurvival.org;Two Rivers Survival
76.72.175.59:25601;VorCity
skyblock.net;skyblock
lasvalkirias.com;Las Valkirias
zero.minr.org;Zero
fortibus.hopto.org;Fortibus: Among the Gods!
108.166.190.37;CakeCraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.24.170.170:25601;Skysurvivor
108.174.60.67:25765;CreeperForge
prostarplanet.com;Pro Star Planet
108.170.3.146:28042;SydinatorRealm 
oinkonline.net;Oink Online
mechanichcraft.tk;MechanichCraft
mc.valygard.com;Valygard
wildfiremc.com;WildfireMC
209.239.127.81:26665;Multiplay SOLO Server
198.27.69.190;New Midgard
mc.thepeopleclan.net;ThePeople Survival
198.24.134.98;Zack5219
217.198.137.9;MineTR
kingdoms-of-frey.net;Kingdoms Of Frey
play.planetbeast.net;Planet Beast
mawcraft.mcserver.ws;MawCraft
game.moncraft.net;moncraft
wildfiremc.com;WildfireMC - BS - SG
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
77.111.209.191;Origins-Multigaming
cookiecraft.mcph.co:25712;cookiecraft
smp.stratocraftmc.net;StratoCraft SMP
Mc.rivalingelements.net;ElementsRPG
66.85.153.135;PowerHouse PVP
s.mc-sync.com;Sync Survival 
play.swyzencraft.net;SwyzenCraft
play.vcserver.net;VillageCrafters Hub
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
mc.candycraft.net;CandyCraft
75.127.5.163:25765;ReedCraft
198.12.65.82;ExtremeCraft
mc.thecloudmc.net;The Cloud Network
108.170.8.146:34988;The Four Horsemen
Faction.shady-mc.com;Shady Craft
prostarplanet.com;prostarplanet
supercraft-sg.com;SuperCraft
198.24.170.146:35114;Survivania RPG
shwingserver.fluctis.com:25597;Shwing Prison
TDM.me;TDM.me
192.210.238.44:25665;mcneilcol's Server
mc.darkpvp.us;Dark-Pvp
85.190.162.35;EMERALDCRAFT
172.245.30.230;InfiniteXero
mc.droidvengeance.com;DroidVengeance
8.17.252.115:26165;EndCraft
198.55.108.135:25580;Alcatraz
mc.milklandia.net;Milklandia
fun.dyndns.org;BEAST MMO/Clans
MonsterPvP.de;MonsterPvP | PvP and More
192.111.137.160;Frenzycraft
198.24.134.122:25588;Razer-Pvp
game.diablocraft.net;skydiehere
74.95.39.113;Minecross
198.24.164.74:33962;SirProCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
192.227.136.93:25665;MinecraftTransitAuthority
85.236.100.70:29465;DiamondCraft
mc.ahoyworld.co.uk:25566;AhoyWorld FTB
play.mineclue.com;MineClue
199.187.120.125:25627;DJ Craft
invertedPvp.mcph.co;InvertedPvp.mcph.co
www.RBLMinecraft.com;RBL MINECRAFT
Lineage-Craft.mcpro.co;Lineage-Craft
144.76.5.207;Braincraft
server.cube-network.de;Cube-Network
legendnation.verygames.net;LegendNation
TDM.me;TDM.me
skyblock.flowmc.com;FlowMC
77.111.249.25;HollowCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
play.lifecraftnetwork.com;LifeCraft Network
edgecraft.no-ip.org;EdgeCraft
198.20.181.46;Bladepvp
nativepvp.us.to;NativePvP
198.24.134.98:25609;God-Craft       READ DESC
insanemc.mcpro.co;Insanemc
game.austinsserver.net;Austin's Minecraft Server
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
5.102.168.5:25609;HornitCraft
s.craft-your-life.com;Craft-Your-Life Arena PvP
Mc.DandCC.us;Divide And Conquer Craft
dragoncraft.me;Dragoncraft
dragoncraft.me;Dragoncraft
dragoncraft.me;Dragoncraft
mc.nvhub.co.uk;nVCraft Factions
MC.IncisionCraft.com;Incision Craft
play.mcrespawn.net;Respawn Servers
prisonbreak.nn.pe;PrisonBreak [Needs Staff]
5.9.66.77:25587;WeirdoCraft
craftination.net;ARS Craftination
funcoland.gotgeeks.com;funcoland fantasy
108.61.44.210:30165;Playon
198.24.166.219;Infinite Realms
209.222.5.155;GamingT3am
puffin-craft.tk;puffincraft
mcic.co;IslandCraft Network
minecraft.theprojectred.com;Project Red - War/Faction
24.21.232.177;Only Sleep at night
66.85.187.8;NumbersCraft
tdm.me;tdm.me
fortmine.com;Fort Mine
skyreachmc.com;Skyreach
192.210.194.116:25965;Lynixcraft
Minecraft.TheProjectRed.com;ProjectRed
mc.moxiecraft.com;MoxieCraft
209.188.4.34:25722;Black Lightning 
192.210.236.150:25765;AmishCraft!
pvp.end-gaming.net;EndPvP
216.144.251.108;RCraftingRLatinoS
smp.specialattack.net;SpecialAttack SMP Server
craftmine.com;CraftMine
185.16.85.15:25765;GShock Gaming MC
5.255.69.146:24399;Tijs minecraft GO
mc.simkraf.com;Simkraf Adult Survival Creative Server
server.mundo-minecraft.com;mundo-minecraft
46.228.194.51;MinerÂ´s by PixelWar
mc08.serverminer.com:25652;The Under Mine
78.129.128.215;APPROX MC
mc.cowcraft.net;CowCraft
176.9.119.66:25570;Sandcraft|| Skyblock
play.mcstewpvp.com;McStew
Plexhq.tk;PlexHQ
aeroverse.cu.cc:25583;Aeroverse
MC.8BitServers.com;8BitServers
de28.fragnet.net:25665;Ultimate skyblock server
clickjoy.co.uk;SJRC
tancraft.dyndns.org:38949;TanCraft
TheUniversCraft.net;TheUniversCraft
mc.noobynation.com;Nooby Nation
108.170.54.154;BroCraft!
104.254.238.100;Elite Universe
play.GFLcraft.com;GFLCraft Guns Factions Towny Drugs
96.8.119.170;Maximum prison
play.fluctis.com;Skycraft
pvpbox.net;PvPBoX.NeT
mc.xah.co.za:25570;xaHCraft 1.6.2
DevzCraft.nn.pe:25579;DevzCraft Network
198.24.165.154;The Arena Of Games
minetime.com;minetime
go2mc.pl;Go2Mc.pl
jogar.winkgamer.com.br;WinkGamer - PVP & Surviva
play.minereach.com;Minereach Network
play.mcmexico.net;MCMexico
85.236.100.222:27065;LetsCraft
78.129.171.191;Rize PVP
play.galaxy-mc.net;Galaxy-MC
swisscraft.eu;Swisscraft
minefield.givmehdiamonds.com;Minefield!
119.252.190.134:25625;VigilantCraft
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
108.170.14.146:26039;Bacon PvP
minecraft.oliverswebsite.com:25697;Oliver's Sever
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.20.109.12;Spiritcraft
play.lostremnants.org;Lost Remnants
192.95.29.170;Sotaz Minecraft Community
192.227.136.6:25865;DapperGents
jyngotech.com;Feed The Beast Server`
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
192.210.194.115:25765;Nova Craft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
alohacraft.no-ip.org;Alohacraft
Mizmo.SMP.Beastnode.net;Mizmo SMP-PVP
188.165.217.14:25579;BBFactions
87.117.246.141;LOG-mc Unleashed v1.1.4
lirop.de;Creative/WorldEdit  Lirop.de
178.32.53.104:25570;Herobrines Onslaught
mc.napacraft.net:25586;Napacraft Survival
bogrealms.fluctis.com;BogRelams
73.168.7.203;mysticcraft SKY
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.24.164.162:33956;PVP Universe
mc.minimumcraft.beastnode.net;Minimumcraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
epic-mc.com;Epic Minecraft
deadkids.serveminecraft.net;Deadkids
play.universal-hosting.com;UH Aurora Live Server
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
93.119.30.35;Mc.DeathRow.Ro
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
184.95.39.18;Pixal Craft
198.23.247.106;MagicCraft Network
play.fallencraftmc.com;FallenCraft
5.226.169.89;Survialzone
mc.dabblecraft.com;Dabblecraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.craftsiege.com;CraftSiege
pvp.particlecraft.net;Particle Craft
198.24.178.162:35103;Kyle's Pvp
electrocraftserver.tk;ElectroCraft
asdfcraft.com;ASDFCraft
nativepvp.us.to;nativepvp
play.ioncraft.org;IONCRAFT
198.24.171.26:30210;StarZ Survival
hub.homeofthelords.com;Home of the Lords
198.8.93.18;AcesMinecraft
au3.mcsg.in;Survival games
ejberg.mightymc.com;MightyMC.COM
8.2.122.214;DocumentsRevealedLand
mcvoid.fluctis.com;MCVoid
zombiehorde.net;Horde RPG
93.119.30.35;Mc.DeathRow.ro
93.119.30.34;PCSZONE
77.111.203.205;Obsidian PVP / Factions Raiding
95.141.41.149:27565;Minecraft 100% Survival
mc.herocraftonline.com; Herocraft Minecraft RPG
69.162.66.19:25632;GWB Official
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft.com
75.127.11.50;PvP Galore 24/7 1.62
join.mysticserver.net;Mystic Server
75.127.11.50;Dragon Craft PvP 24/7
75.127.11.50;PvP Galore! 24/7
75.127.11.50;PvP Galore! 1.6.2 24/7 
play.servebear.com;Empire of the Bear
mc.cloudcraftfun.net;CloudCraft SMP
mc.tech-craft.org;Tech-Craft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.15.115.114:25797;Crafted SMP
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
66.85.149.218;TWISTED CRAFT
198.49.65.52;Club Zebula
192.210.229.120;Evolution Network
192.210.229.120;EvolutionNetwork
redvsblue.servegame.com;RIVAL KINGDOMS
mc.legacykits.net:25614;LegacyKits
jawzprison.com;JaWzPrison
108.170.3.146:28014;ShadowCraft
66.85.165.162:25767;FlyCraft
192.210.229.120;EvolutionNetwork
65.60.15.91;OfficialLGG Server
198.24.171.90:34006;Monmatia 
dasypygal.dyndns.org;War455's Epic Server
192.210.229.37;PunchCraft
198.12.123.73;EchoPvP
93.91.250.144:27371;NiaCraft.Eu
198.245.71.200;SurvivalCraft
pvprankup.net;PvpRankUp
freedomop.zapto.org;FreedomOP
192.210.229.120;Evolution Network
93.186.204.186;MEGAMINECRAFT
mc.squidrealms.com;SquidRealms
play.emeraldminecraft.com:25620;EmeraldCraft Free Fly 
v.zancraft.com;ZanCraft - Vanilla
198.24.143.178:31748;ElitePvP
play.creeperhugger.com;Creeperhugger
192.210.236.20:25765;UHC Minecraft
play.frostcast.net;Frostcast
75.127.11.50;PvPGalore
play.Nexus-city.com;Nexus City
www.royserver2.com;Roy's Server
188.122.88.7;minelakes
75.127.11.50;PvPCrafters!1.6.2
75.127.11.50;PvPGalore
play.ardentcraft.com;ArdentCraft
69.175.47.115;JaggedPvP
78.129.171.211;Cow Craft
78.129.171.211;Cow Craft
darkpvp.info;DarkPvP
mc.raiderscraft.com;RaidersCraft
cookieland-server.com;Cookieland-server.com
play.mc-thewatershed.net;The Watershed
75.127.11.50;DragonCraft1.6.2yo
75.127.11.50;StaffNeededPvP
75.127.11.50;PvPLegends
mc.revtut.net;RevTut
198.136.52.215;ShabbyCraft
play.mcfreeworld.com;mcfreeworld
198.24.143.178:31748;Elite PvP
192.111.128.25;KingdomPvP
198.24.144.42:25595;Osciecraft!
theinstitution.me;The Institution
mydedicated2u.com:10000;Mydedicated2u Hub Servers
188.122.88.5;HawkReach
themaze.no-ip.biz;The Maze
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
mcconflicts.gameserv.co;McConflicts
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
66.85.185.178:25928;Legends of the Past
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.55.108.135:25592;PerplexityCraft
185.16.84.79;marines survival
mcctf.com;MCPVP
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
play.gleecraftmc.com;GleecraftMC
mc21.fadehost.com:25650;new SkyCraft Network
play.laffyco.net;LaffyCo
play.volcanicmc.in;Volcanic Networks
Play.MastermindPvP.com;Mastermind PvP [Factions]
78.129.171.191;Rize PVP
192.210.229.120;Evolution Network
198.20.109.12;Spiritcraft
198.24.128.234:25706;Randomo Craft 24/7
ownagepvp.com;Ownage PVP
142.54.161.44;Emerald Falls
199.187.127.186:25676;Resist PvP
209.222.16.147;Kingdom Factions
NationsAtWar.net;Nations At War
206.217.141.228;StoneAgePvP
193.0.159.196;Leafcraft
198.24.144.42;AlorehCraft
77.111.205.99;Norte Craft Server
75.127.11.50;NarutoCraft
75.127.11.50;JutsuCrafters
75.127.11.50;PvP-GaloreGodly
wildfiremc.com;WildFire
198.27.81.84:25597;ThE LoSt WoRlD
192.210.229.120;Evolution Network
mc.creepersweden.se;Creeper Sweden Vanilla
5.135.139.53:25607;VoL: Fort Red Haven
85.190.130.34;â¤Lavandiaâ¤ - Vanilla
69.175.57.83;Crimson Kingdom
184.154.181.188;McPvPCraft
mine.crafters.es;CraftersES
mc.crusader-craft.com;Crusader-Craft
192.95.16.151:25585;Zombie Craft
192.95.16.151:25585;ZombieCraftMS
w1.lcga.me;the walls
204.185.99.37;Crafters Union
185.16.85.24:26765;Kingdom Of Shadows
hideandseek.zapto.org;Hide And Seek
99.121.199.8;KingdomCraft
s33.hosthorde.com:25586;Craft Universe
69.175.57.211;CorpsCraft
69.175.45.157;MidnightPvp
67.162.71.206;IncredibleMC
play.mc-endlessrealm.com;EndlessRealm 
projectsaga.com;Project Saga
198.24.178.122;MCTheTribe
198.24.143.178:31748;elite pvp
Ezraids.com;Ezraidscraft
kinglion.dk;Boobernes Server
31.3.235.231;Minecraft Diamond
freedomfactions.mcph.co:25612;Freedomfactions
gameteam.cz:33011;SimpleCube
simplefactions.tk;Simple Factions
108.166.163.132;IntenseRaids
play.skyturtle.us;SkyTurtle
de18.fragnet.net:25965;NosyCrafting
85.131.182.225;Medieval Castle Play
mc.cowcraft.net;CowCraft
209.222.16.83;CrypticItems 
evilpvp.net;EvilPvP
5.135.139.53:25607;VoL: Fort Red Haven
85.131.156.144;ShadowCraft Premium 1.6.2
mc.ghostrealms.net;Ghost Realms Network
108.170.5.66:25585;ToxicPvP
185.16.85.24:26765;The Kingdom Of Shadows
Uberminecraft.com;Uberminecraft.com
x.minespace.us;Minespace
thepeopleclan.net;[SEMI VANILLA][PVP][GRIEF
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
69.175.124.124;MurrayCraft
minebuilders.me;Minebuilders
77.111.208.180;Dark Realms
rolyd.com;Roly's Minecraft Server
skyblock.net;skyblock
play.jamescraft.org;JamesCraft
192.210.229.120;Evolution Network
dragonfallpvp.net;DragonFallPvP
aylmercraft.no-ip.org;AylmerCraft
198.20.179.71;Solaris Server
37.157.251.62;RazerMax EXTREME Survival
mcawesome.no-ip.biz;The Awesome Server
mc.powerpvp.net;PowerPVP
Tdm.me;Tdm.me
198.12.65.53:25865;Politzania
mc.duckzcraft.com;Duckzcraft
mc.alphire.info:25585;AlphireIC
193.0.159.196;Leaf Craft
creepclans.mcraft.nl;CreepClans
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
192.95.16.151:25585;zombiecraft 
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.sc-skycraft.net;SkyCraft
185.16.84.38:25965;LocalStar
Mc-aquapvp.com;AquaPvP
193.0.159.107;Blaze-Craft
85.236.101.15:27865;Sexy Raids Craft
havenport.mcph.co:25571;Haven Port
SG.Wc-Mc.Com;Wc Survival Games!
91.236.254.75:25701;Sylathrind
mc29.crew.sk:25567;Creative
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
radicalprison.com;RadicalPrison
108.61.230.70:25605;GoGraft
108.61.230.70:25605;GoGraft
108.61.230.70:25605;GoGraft
play.crafting-elemental.com;Crafting-Elemental Citybuild
75.127.11.50;EternalMangekyou
75.127.11.50;ImmortalPvP
75.127.11.50;Legendz Raiding
75.127.11.50;LegendzFactions!
80.242.34.198:25567;Reminiscence MC Cz/Sk
108.61.230.70:25605;GoGraft
endlesspvp.org;EndlessPVP
108.61.230.70:25605;GoGraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
minecraft.norcrossvets.co.uk;Ultimate Anarchy
198.24.167.138:25566;Syrexide's Server
192.227.132.124:25665;MinermenUnited
AdventureMines.us.to;AdventureMines
play.amigocraft.net;Amigocraft
75.127.11.50;PvPLegendz 1.6.2
75.127.11.50;LightingPvP
75.127.11.50;PvPLights!
75.127.11.50;PvPGods!
SG.Wc-Mc.Com;Wc Survival Games!
SG.Wc-Mc.Com;Wc Survival Games!
108.170.3.146:28118;PuppyCraft
198.143.140.83;The Greylands
Solariabuild.provisionhost.com;Solaria
play.mcblazepvp.com;BlazePVP
minecraft1.us;Minecraft1
shadowpvp.us;ShadowPvP
184.164.128.114:30003;RealPVP I KitPvP
184.95.34.98:29354;CloudLand
209.188.6.211;LegendCraft
Build4funserver.no-ip.biz;Build4Fun
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
AmazingSparkCraft.no-ip.org;AmazingSparkCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
68.188.249.131:24464;The Minecast Server
188.165.158.176;Nightmare Prison
TDM.me;TDM.me
mcdrugnation.us;McDrugNation
TDM.me;TDM.me
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.noobynation.com;NoobyNation
pvp.madstorm.net;Madstorm
192.227.132.124:25665;MinermenUNITED
108.170.18.10;MineZland
184.171.173.50:56328;thegrimserver
McMonsterCraft.game-host.org;MC MONSTER CRAFT
198.12.123.70;KaveCraft
192.210.238.11:25665;Dat Craft
108.170.61.23;DivinePvP
198.24.175.34;LoneCrafterz
mc.explore-mc.com;Explore-MC
supremepvp.noip.us;SupremePVP
184.154.87.105;SomethingCraft
play.starpvp.net;StarPvP
mc.bureauguild.com;Bureaucracy
198.24.166.50;Hispano Americanos
TDM.me;TDM.me
sandrepublic.craftinghost.com;SandRepublic
play.craftgasm.net;CraftGasm
woodycraft.net;WoodyCraft
198.15.76.210:25639;help the world live!!!
jail.blockfield.com;Blockfield Jail
192.227.132.124:25665;MinermenUniteD
play.thelostwoodsmc.co.uk;TheLostWoodsMC
Blockgalaxy.no-ip.org;Block Galaxy
TDM.me;TDM.me
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
Limucraft.net;LimuCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
creativefreebuild.org;TreasureIsland
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
play.elitecraft-mc.com;EliteCraft
192.210.218.238:25765;topaz-craft
198.23.247.15;Forever Eternity
jail.mcraft.so;Confinement
80.86.186.22;ChapterMC
209.188.6.210:25599;BrandonsCraft
play.r-vs-g.com;Red vs. Green Central
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
198.20.109.111;InsomniaPvP
SpartanPvP.co;SpartanPvP
play.minejoy.com;Minejoy
mc.vcserver.org;mc.vcserver.org
78.129.128.175;Furycraft
75.127.1.137;FreezePvP
hub.cheesium.com;Cheesium
servidorwasd.no-ip.org;WASDCRAFT
198.20.163.197;Superior Swords
69.175.47.113;Gentlemen's Craft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
198.23.130.130:25672;Koastalcraft
play.hackercraft.net;HackerCraft
minecraftia.net;mattyscooler
play.eaveecraft.com;EaveeCraft Business
94.23.91.99:25001;mystaria
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
64.31.31.99;GodsWonderLand
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
minetime.com;minetime
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
plotcraft.hopto.org;Plotcraft
Play.VenomCraft.Com;VenomCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
wal-craft.eu;WalCraft Network
microcraft.mcph.co;MicroCraft
mc.desiredcraft.net;DESIRERCRAFT
75.127.12.92;Catcraft
172.245.32.89;Phantom Nachos
209.188.6.211;LegendCraft
82.192.76.211:25587;ReeferCraft (EU) 24/7
108.170.3.146;JokerCraft
limitcraft.de;LimitCraft
c.nopmc.com;NopMC Creative
server8.konsider.com;Konsider's Awesome Server
66.85.146.43;ExtremeEnchantCraft
play.wolfcraftcommunity.com;WolFCrafT Towny Survival
play.bosscraftmc.us;BossCraft Network
ProtoCraft.us.to;ProtoCraft
mc-wars.org;MCWars
TDM.me;TDM.me
Sporscape.com;Sporscape
76.19.192.163;Solitude
mc-mocreaturescommunity.org;Mo Creatures Community
198.8.93.70;Dyre-Craft
tlcgaming.gameserv.co;TLCGaming
192.210.233.142;laxcraft 
108.170.21.42:28024;SkyCraft
play.ghastmc.com;GhastMC
a1.mcsmash.com;Super Smash PVP 
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc23.crew.sk:25576;GooviCraft
144.76.34.207;plane000's server
184.164.140.202:59390;184.164.140.202
193.111.140.140:25764;Fortress Nation
epicraidspvp.com;EpicRaidsPvP
108.170.18.11;The Vine
108.170.18.11;theVine
play.streetypvp.net;StreetyPVP
fuchsiacraft.tk:25628;FuchsiaCraft
Imagine-Craft.com;Imagine Craft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
pvp.mc-cubeland.net;Cubeland
TDM.me;TDM.me
193.192.59.231:25585;CarbonSpeed
69.175.56.71;nineninjacraft
198.24.134.98:25609;nick's server
72.51.43.74:26765;AdventureCraft
184.171.170.71;mc.hunger
server5.konsider.com;Very cool server! :D
198.50.162.98;Mafia Wars
mc.boocraft.net;BooCraft Skyblock
thechunkyvoid.net;TheChunkyVoid
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
198.27.82.49:25604;Hellsrangers
mctopia.us;McTopia
mc.build-nation.com;Build Nation
server6.konsider.com;AWESOME cool server! :D
play.theminemc.net:25566;TheMine
mc.sanc.us;Sanctum
mc.ruincraft.org;RuinCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
danekucraft.mcph.co:26091;DanekuCraft
hungergames.frostcast.net;HUNGERGAMES
build1.mikes-revenge.net;mikes-revenge
jail.mcraft.so;Confinement [Prison]
darcraft.net;DarCraft
dakkagaming.com;Dakkagaming Factions Serv
McFreedom.Net;McFreedom
TDM.me;TDM.me
koodicraft.kicks-ass.net;Koodicraft
198.24.163.114:26243;cococraft
65.99.193.51:25665;Grind Stone Prison Server
178.19.106.98;CS-SERWER.PL Survival
144.76.56.55:25624;SkyCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
arglyxmcserver.no-ip.org;Arglyx wastelands
decisionpvp.net;DecisionPvP
66.85.187.62;InvictaCraft
192.210.194.119:25865;Edacity 24/7
play.craftgasm.net;CraftGasm
skyblock.net;Skyblock
Ziimcraft.net;Ziimcraft
hub.vcserver.org;mysticcraft
wolfrealms.org;Wolfrealms
76.164.202.170:25618;KTMCRAFT
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
108.163.212.24;MCLegacyCraft
danekucraft.mcph.co:26091;DanekuCraft
172.245.42.197;Costville Faction PvP
s.myminecraft.com;MyMinecraft - Towny/PvP
Mc.DarkPvp.us;Dark PvP
172.245.25.230;SneakyPvP
198.12.66.144;slenderjailcraft
s44.hosthorde.com:25673;Keangdom
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mc.risencraft.com;RisenCraft
mtncraft.servegame.com;Mtncraft
198.15.111.7;Drugs-Inc 24/7
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft
108.170.18.88;MagmaKraft
192.210.236.116;Swag-Craft
pvp.dunterra.com;Dunterra PvP
mc.minecraft.expert;maineia
craft.gazton.se;World Of Craft
78.143.13.253;Mavicraft Server
factionreaction.hopto.org;Faction Reaction
MineGames.dmch.nl:25706;MineGames
mc40.crew.sk:25573;lolprohacker
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
82.145.53.228;ailad 64
37.122.250.108;MINEFINITY
193.0.159.161:25590;McMelonHub
198.144.179.37;DiamondMC
199.187.123.118:25638;IonCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mcskybandits.mcserver.ws;SkyGrid 1.6.2
198.24.171.162:25917;FullMetalCraft
yokocraft.zapto.org;YokoCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
198.20.102.92;[Zippocraft] factions!
DominoMine.zapto.org;DominoMine
OwnagePvP.com;Ownage PvP
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
198.23.247.116;SkyBlockin
CrystalCraft.minecraft.to;CrystalCraft
prison.crypticz.com;Crypticz Prison Server
192.111.133.227;HDYF Gaming
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft
192.210.232.126;TitaniumNation
play.everythingsurvival.net;everythingsurvival
jewelcraftmc.com;jewelcraft
dragonzor.servebeer.com;Cardboard Children
66.85.187.61;Diamond Sword Gaming
minecraft.creekcraft.com;CreekCraft
mcglowstone.minecraft.to;Glowstone
172.245.25.204;Forlorn Kingdoms
dakotacraft.org;Dakota Craft
69.46.74.39;Oblivion
craftbg.no-ip.org;Craft-BG
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
46.4.60.136:25618;Bloodtide Corp dw20 1.5
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
sb.DreamMC.ws;DReam MC
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
NomadiCraft.net;NomadiCraft
184.154.108.109;Team Arctic Minecraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
MC-Skycraft.org;Skycraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
192.227.136.107:25665;Commanders Feed The Beast
play.abodecity.net;Abode City
172.245.25.190;LordsPvP
69.46.74.120:25582;Real Crafters Inc. [Survi
172.245.42.202;TacticalPVP
172.245.42.202;TacticalPVP
play.turf-wars.org;Turf-Wars
193.84.64.193;RPG.Minecraft-Romania.Ro 
217.198.134.193;Colonya [1.6.2]
81.30.154.247;>>FutureCraftX<<
mc.bullyscraft.com;BullysCraft
mc-smp.com;LockedCraft Network
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft
208.115.219.188:25567;Lgbgamer101's server
PLAY.CLICKCRAFT.INFO;ClickCraftMC
198.24.171.34:25594;Kill N Survive
mc.prisoncraftx.net;PrisonCraftx
68.232.177.157;Killcraft
68.232.177.157;killcraftpvp
68.232.177.157;killcraftpvp
mc.FutureRealms.nl;FutureRealms
Play.KitPvP-Reloaded.Biz;KitPvp (NEW INFECTION)
hub.maevicore.com;Maevicore hub
198.24.171.106:25579;UltimateMC
Play.BitSmasher.me;TheBitSmasher [PVP]
198.20.109.39;Lost Prison 24/7
zackcraft.no-ip.org;ZackCraft Hub
198.24.161.154:25675;NitroCraft 
198.24.175.34:25989;IlluminationMC
217.114.199.167;BSG-Network | FTB-Lite 
198.12.127.84;Thinefac
198.49.77.108;Bendercraft
adventurelandsrpg.mcpro.co;Adventure Lands RPG
185.16.85.36;slawtercraft
173.208.229.94:25582; AnomalyCraft
DPL.mcpro.co;Diamond Pick Land
play.mcvault.us;MCVault âFactionsâPvPâ
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
newblock.co.uk;NewBlock
skyblock.net;Mineverse.com
play.ceardus.net;Realms of Ceardus Server
thegalaxynetwork.net;TheGalaxyNetwork
142.4.215.180:25625;The SlayerCraft
198.50.228.202;MoraleCraft
216.245.217.148;FlarpCraft
drwhocraft.fluctis.com;DrWhoCraft
mc.persijects.com;Persijects
192.210.232.105;MineerAdventures
mc.theredlegion.com;The Red Legion
108.170.22.58:27672;Melancholie
sg.survivaltime.nn.pe;Survivaltime
Play.MerkPvP.com;MerkPvP
blahrgums.mcph.co:63180;Blahrgums
Play.primescapepvp.com;PrimeScapePvp
mc.paradise-reloaded.org;Paradise Reloaded
mc-sc.us;SocialCraft
vertigocraft.fadehost.com:25705;VertigoCraft
PvP.Wc-Mc.Com;WreckedCrusade
PvP.Wc-Mc.Com;WreckedCrusade
PvP.Wc-Mc.Com;WreckedCrusade
PvP.Wc-Mc.Com;WreckedCrusade
iCraft.mcpro.co:29011;iCraft
109.72.82.220;CraftGame
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft
198.20.109.27;Fancy Factions PVP
skittlemc.com;SkittleMC
ftb.technomc.co.uk;TechnoMC   FTB Unleashed
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
primeminecraft.net;Prime Network
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
play.wartribes.us;WarTribes
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mc.godlycraft.net;     GodlyCraft Hub Server
172.245.4.162:25594;The One Server
s46.hosthorde.com:25642;B-Craft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
75.127.11.105;PitifulCraft Freebuild
pvp.auzrealms.net;AuzRealms PvP
88.150.223.179;ScalyCraft
mc.pwncraftpvp.com;PwnCraft PvP
199.195.55.135;ElderCraft
play.jrcraft.net;JR Minecraft
xplosion.mcpro.co;Xplosion
192.210.194.104;ULTRA-PVP
4.59.125.149;Milg8Minecraft PVPSurvive
mc.blacklightgaming.com;BlacklightMC
108.170.40.244;Extadrium PVP
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
play.ep-mc.com:25918;Everlasting Paroxysm
85.236.100.210:31865;KombatKraft
funcraft.dk;FunCraft.dk
84.200.193.210;<SeventhRealm>
dasypygal.dyndns.org;warcraft
198.20.109.39;LOST PRISON 24/7
192.210.194.85:25765;The Slammer
192.227.132.103:25665;EnderCraft
184.171.251.89;PixleCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
87.117.246.174;Solace
mc.TheFreeKingdoms.com;TheFreeKingdoms
77.111.193.110;SquatchCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
slimcraft.jaieazy.com;slimcraft
play.nexus-city.com;NexusCity
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
Play.byte.org.uk;Byte
scoutcraft.zapto.org;ScoutCraft
mc.ghostcraft.co.za;GhostCraft
192.111.142.133;Blue-Fire 24/7
108.166.190.49;Bravocraft
184.171.243.244;Drillex
play.blizzardprison.com;Blizzard Prison
188.165.158.172;Welcome to Arixo PvP
nexuspvp.mcpro.co:43921;NexusPvP
192.111.132.55;FrictionsCraft
75.68.243.182;Triblockia
play.oooorgle.com;Beyond The Corral
ReachCraft.mcph.co:26119;ReachCraft
198.8.93.161;MinerZHole
198.15.111.7;Drug-inc
188.122.88.132:25671;AquaCraft
SupEraCraft.tk;SupEraCraft
s.sucht-tempel.de;Sucht-Tempel-Netzwerk
minecraft.mcg.net;SkywardCraft
eu.tomorrowlandzmc.com;Tomorrow Landz
198.49.66.102;[Ascended Craft] [PvP]
mc.darkrealmgaming.com;Dark Realm Gaming BETA
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
woodycraft.net;woodycraft
play.TidesOfDawn.net;Tides Of Dawn
78.47.215.156;Sheep Craft
198.12.123.205;LOL Craft
ultimate-minecraft.com;Ultimate
HeroineCraft.nitrado.net;HeroineCraft
198.24.177.74;Ivycraft
mc.tl-gaming.com;The Lost Comunity
85.131.220.243;GermanMCCity
198.24.177.74:25993;thugmc.com
pvp.fearsomefactions.com;Fearsome Factions
mc.ecnetwork.net;Epiccraft1524
mc.desiredcraft.net;omahahah
prison.uberpvp.us;Uber Prison
mc.legacykits.net:25614;legacykits
69.65.40.170:26065;DimensionKraft
64.74.111.129;Kiwicraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade
pvp.cobbledcraft.com;Cobbled Craft
Play.Insane-Mc.com;Insane-Mc
75.127.11.112;pixelmon,towny (1.6.2)
mc.haywirepvp.com;HaywirePvP
Minetime.com;-=[Minetime Cloud]=-
198.23.130.228;Heroes PVP Craft
s.survival-craft.us;Survival-Craft Server
77.111.202.208;Legendarycraft
build.wcraft-mc.us:25745;WorldCraft Build
74.119.218.103:25575;WARRLORRD-MC
192.34.110.107;Kingdoms at War
MC.DUSTYPVP.COM;DustyPVP
kryptonia.net;Kryptonia
io.pixin.net;IOCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
78.129.128.85;Pollux Creative/Survival
jogar.craftdiamond.com.br;CraftDiamond Survival
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
KingdomsPortugal.on.vg;Kingdoms Portugal
multi.us.to;MultiCraft
199.187.127.185:25578;Total Miner
minetime.com;Minetime Cloud
199.96.85.5:25596;War for Adrade!
mc.basicpvp.net;Basic PvP
tradecraft.mcserver.ws;TradeCraft
23.239.132.108:25570;InfiniteCraft | Factions Roleplay
198.24.180.218;KaycoCraft
minebuilders.me;Minebuilders
mc.nordicminecraft.com;Nordic Minecraft
206.217.139.76:25665;Mega Portals [3 Worlds]
woodycraft.net;WoodyCraft
play.gamesora.net;GamesOra Network
play.freedomkraft.com;FreedomKraft
198.12.80.228;Winds of Winter
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.20.111.234;Orc3cta
s47.hosthorde.com:25636;Brutal Simplicity
iu.selfip.com;Insanity UNLEASHED
obsidiancraft.eu;OBSIDIANCRAFT 24/7
209.188.23.66:25701;NLworld
TDM.me;TDM.me
hotelmc.mcfrag.net;Hotel Minecraft
umc-network.com;UMC Network Server
75.127.11.153;ElitePvping
woodycraft.net;WoodyCraft
Atrox-pvp.mcserver.ws;Atrox PvP
play.battlerealms.net;BattleRealms
mc.desiredcraft.net;DesiredCraft
OutLawCraft.nn.pe:25568;OutLawCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
85.190.163.24;Deitys Galaxy
play.mai-craft.com;Maicraft
intensepvp.com;IntensePvP
188.165.223.108:25570;MC-Races
198.49.65.120;Titan-Gaming
world.ironhelm.com;IronHelm PVP
mc.patocraft.net;PatoCraft
mc.desiredcraft.net;desiredcraft
play.craftgasm.net;craftgasm
mc-cns.tk;Craft N' Slash!
mc.r-pvp.com;Radical PvP
TDM.me;TDM.me
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
play.empirecraft.org;EmpireCraft
198.12.65.82:25665;ExtremeCraft
198.20.111.237;IngnisiumCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
universaldimension.no-ip.org;Universal Dimension
192.99.24.128:25675;Ember City
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mc.merkpvp.com;merkpvp
66.85.148.226:30017;EpicJailCraft
mc.merkpvp.com;merkpvp
pvp.pitforge.com;Pitforge
pvp.Lem0nade.com;Lem0nade
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
mc.phoenixrisen.net;PhoenixRisen
GAME.MONCRAFT.NET;MONCRAFT
minecraft.rawcritics.com;Rawcritics PvP+ Minecraft
172.245.42.202;Tactical PvP 
198.178.127.66:25596;Crafter's Paradise
66.85.128.90:25767;Survival MMO
66.85.167.178:56731;SuperRonanCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
immortalcraft.it;ImmortalCraft
198.15.80.146:43014;Phantom Craft
blockarcade.mcpro.co;Block Arcade
EDawg878.com;EDawg878 Creative
198.24.167.138:28985;Renegade PvP
85.236.102.68:29265;TeamVelocityMedia
192.210.232.105;MinerAdventures
5.9.147.131:25567;Morte Craft
minegalaxy.mcpro.co:25795;Mine Galaxy
68.40.13.124;The i0n Server
haha.hopto.org;Come Test My Server
play.rebirthofbalkan.com;Rebirth Of Balkan
Skyblock.net;Skyblock
173.236.60.85;ResistInc  â Faction â
poke.fireredmc.com;Fire Red Pixelmon
mc.aquanetworks.net;Aqua Networks - 
cad-minecraft.dyndns.org;CAD Minecraft!
198.55.108.135:25611;Godcraft
lab.jasonernst.com:3333;Guelph Minecraft
hero.newagepvp.com;NewAgePvP Hero Server
85.190.139.80;Die Freebuilder
76.164.203.180;Gamepod
TDM.me;TDM.me
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
sorensicpvp.net;SorensicPvP
JUISCRAFT.COM;Juiscraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
nativekits.us.to;nativepvp
hammondslegacy.com;HamCraft
85.236.101.26:25765;VulpesCraft PvP
mc.money-craft.org:25644;MoneyCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.teamaviator.net;Wtf Paradise
iu.selfip.com;INSANITY FTB UNLEASHED
tchoot.sytes.net;tchoot.sytes.net
mc.minecraftint.com;MinecraftInternational
tchoot.sytes.net;tylerhoot 
OvaPvp.mcdl.eu;OvaPvp
Play.MCUnity.net;MCUnity
198.24.170.162;Land Of The Holy Creeper
75.102.46.73:25765;Battalion VII Minecraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
forgeunited.no-ip.org;forgeunited
75.102.46.15:25665;Captnbadwolf
27.50.70.2:27665;SafeCraft
cc.ophion.cc;Ophion Castle Wars
slimecraft.no-ip.org;Slimecraft
as.ophion.cc;Ophion AvatarSurvival
mc.ophion.cc;Ophion Skyblock
sw.ophion.cc;Ophion Skywar
TDM.me;TDM.me
neonpvp.mcpro.co;NeonPvP
factionuprise.com;factionuprise.com
198.154.110.38;Indicacloud
198.154.110.38;Indica-cloud
198.154.110.38;IndicaCloud
198.154.110.38;Indica-Cloud
198.154.110.38;INDICACLOUD
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
184.171.243.250;legendary gaming 
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mc.mine-craft-den.com;MCDen - Survival
play.HappyPvP.net;HappyPvP
skylands.mcserver.ws;SkyLands
192.227.132.85:25665;LuigiCraft
66.151.244.105;craft mob spawners 1.6.2
192.210.233.4;BloodyPvp!
mineverse.com;Minevers
198.23.148.179:25665;Silverskyline
69.175.57.74;Timelords and Blocks
172.245.31.201;Maple Valley
198.24.177.75;HubCraft
play.plussycraft.net;PlussyCraft Network
88.150.136.69;FenceCraft
play.elementzcraft.com;ElementZCraft
Blacklightrp.verygames.net;Blacklight RP
savokraft.net;SavoKraft 24/7 1.6.2
37.59.89.241;Bluedillman's Server
198.15.80.146:43014;Phantom PvP
46.253.196.86:25865;BulletGaming
NexusRealms.net;NexusRealms
198.24.134.98:25609;Magical Vanilla Server
pvp.ruthlessprison.com;rustless PvP
play.villagerealms.com;VillageRealms PVP
callofcrafting.net;Call Of Crafting
209.152.133.95;InspirationCraft
az-mc.us;AZMC Survival
64.85.253.130;All In One
198.23.247.10;OvAFactions
85.131.229.138;PushCraft
mc.nitrado.net;Minecraft TÃ¼rkiye
69.175.115.14;Hell Heaven Server
77.111.202.131;Bare Bones Survival
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.24.175.50:26178;CreativePlots
trolcraft.serverbuilds.com;Trol-Craft!!!
173.236.60.84;Royalty Kraft
109.169.12.123;Revival Nation MC
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
66.135.42.50:32065;Zelda FTB Whitelisted ser
mc.v-p.us;VeritasPVP
mc.eurasia-networks.com;Eurasia-Networks
198.24.141.66:25709;LIke a Boss Prison
DJ-Craft.com;DJ-Craft Network
108.170.38.154;Promethium
mc.shadow-craft.us;Shadow-Craft.us
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
Parkour.InfiniteNetwork.net;Testing Banner
193.0.159.180;ClayPvP
s47.hosthorde.com:25636;BrutalSimplicity
mc.WindForge.net;WindForge
play.gauntletmc.com;GauntletMC
198.24.178.178;economycraft
s26.hosthorde.com:25657;HooptiesWorld
minecraft.gameplay.bg;GamePlay.BG 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
216.172.102.204;Prime Minecraft Server
play.swesuncraft.com;SweSunCraft
85.190.173.153;SparnoCraft
172.245.32.75;SaiyanCraft
mc.ruthless.se:25555;RUTHLESS MC VANILLA
demicraft.mcpro.co;Demigod Craft
192.95.40.64;BaconGodOfDeath
198.15.88.226:25770;S&S Skyblock
209.105.236.234;BrekPvP
s1.szerverem.net:32505;TeamCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.citycraftmc.com;CityCraft
198.20.103.106;Survive2Die | Semi-Vanill
play.insanitycraft.net;InsanityCraft
198.20.99.99;BeastAssRaids
play.engengaming.org;Engen Gaming 
sky.dgcraft.pl;DGCraft | SkyBLOCK
192.95.10.135;BawsPvP
mc.specialcrafting.com;SpecialCrafting
Hub.Wc-Mc.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
185.16.87.25:26365;MadnessCraft
184.164.75.151;TwistedCombat
108.170.3.178:34501;StyleCraft
Play-skyblock.com;Lichcraft
108.170.3.178:34501;StyleCraft
192.95.63.217;Aussie Realms
play.EthosCraft.com;EthosCraft
85.236.101.26:25765;Boss Craft
85.236.101.26:25765;VulpesCraft
85.236.101.26:25765;Beast Craft
85.236.101.26:25765;King/Blake Craft
193.0.159.61;AdvancedCraft
85.131.171.160;Europe Survival Servers
198.20.98.197;EpicPVP
TheWar100.Minecraft.To;TheWar100
Mc.Ptcruisercraft.com;Ptcruisercraft
Clearcraft.net;Clearcraft
77.111.194.133;World of Factions
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
37.187.139.157:25685;NetherCraft
82.145.58.235;Asgard
mc.g-pvp.com;GoldenPvP
198.24.165.234:30097;VirtualCraft
198.24.177.74:25917;Mine village
85.114.156.173;UltimateCraftz
184.95.37.138:25643;Kiklem Factions
5.9.13.211:25570;Smoldycraft
184.164.128.114:30107;Technicraft
198.24.178.123;Terror Craft
184.95.61.123;Remixcraft
thepitprison.mcserver.ws;The Pit Prison
infinityhaven.no-ip.org;InfinityHaven
insanitycraftop.beastnode.net;InsanitycraftOP
lowlifedivision.net;Realm Adventures
198.50.236.128;The4horsemen
108.170.3.178;ViperSplit
198.27.70.116;DireStraights
mc.team-aedon.de;Team AEDON
woodycraft.net;woodycraft
85.236.100.118;emulous pvp
85.131.236.91;Extreme-PvP
184.154.186.61;CesiumCraft
mc.TuxedoCraft.com;TuxedoCraft
mc.generationcraft.it;GnerationCraft
endcraft.net;endcraft 1.6.2
209.188.2.82:25581;OreoNation
mc.mine.nu;MCServer
mc.enderrepublic.com;The Ender Republic [SMP]
81.103.154.194;Farkross
mc-tribespvp.org:25765;TribesPVP
mc.apocgaming.org:2052;APOC Gaming Big Dig 
mc.apocgaming.org:2082;APOC Gaming Voltz 
mc.apocgaming.org:2083;APOC Gaming Tekkit Lite
81.19.217.152:27600;FaithPvP
198.20.98.165;FantasyKits
82.145.61.241;DIAMONDPVP
minecraft.deathknell.cc:25595;Deathknell
epicfirecraft.got-game.org;EpicFireCraft!!
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
Play.MCEATT.COM;Minecraft Every All The Time
75.127.0.36:25765;Brian & Edward's Survival
172.245.34.173;McSupremeLegends
play.mczone.co;Zonemc
TDM.me;TDM.me
108.170.38.154:25584;RivalCraft
co.MineCrap.co;MineCrap
108.170.18.10;Reflex Raids
62.214.179.14:25589;GER All in One
46.228.202.142;Sky For Life
voltaic-craft.no-ip.org;Voltaic Craft
185.16.84.91;PowerPorkCraft
thepitprison.mcserver.ws;The Pit Prison
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
216.172.102.204;PrimeMC
mc.9cat.net;Temple Kingdom
samsminecraftserver.3d-game.com;WildernessCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
mc.craftpimp.com;CraftPimp
play.sonoyuncu.com;So Network
198.24.175.50:25590;CUcraft
play-skyblock.com; Lichcraft cloud
mc.colonyuniverse.net;The Colony Universe
198.24.140.202:25749;WarriorCraft
prison.razorpvp.ca;RazorPvP Factions
198.23.247.145;A Story of Thrones
69.25.207.181:25568;Oakland Acres Server.
brutalfactions.net;Brutalfactions
kineticmc.zapto.org;KineticMC
76.73.178.11;Free Build/Endless PvP
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
play.mc-powerstorm.net;PowerStorm
384501.mc.mpgs.co;Havoc PvP =Factions= =Buk
play.noirmc.com;Noir Minecraft
amplecraft.nn.pe:25619;AmpleCraft
youbuild.us.to:25566;youbuild
66.85.160.18:25727;Neo-Craft
198.24.182.153;Miners BR
68.232.182.176:25595;King Server
66.85.164.149;NoobCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
192.210.236.13;SYCraft
MattTech.net;MattTech
192.111.132.60;Rpg Madness
Play.Insane-Mc.com;InsaneMc
77.111.206.119;( 1.6.2 ) ScavangeCraft 
5.135.135.180:25719;FalconCraft
Mars-Craft.com;MarsCraft
192.210.232.87;UniquePvP
108.170.21.42:29399;SplashPlayer Server
108.170.39.10:43164;SlimeWorld
gamechatworld.co;GCW Survival Server
63.143.45.179;HaHa Server 1.6
server.kbgaming.tk;KBGaming 24/7 Minecraft S
fireflypvp.mcpro.co;FireFlyPvP
198.20.98.172;RebalCraft
mc.tkmasterproductions.eu;MineWorld 2.0
mc.igghq.net;Welcome to IGGCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.godlycraft.com;GodlyCraft
glowcraft.mcpro.co:26195;GlowCraft 24/7 factions
198.24.169.66:47616;DarkRelms
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
snow-pvp.us;Snow Craft Pvp
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.2
98.194.46.166;FroxelCraft
87.98.185.195;[GOLDEN-UNI]
applecraftserver.com;AppleCraft Survival
play.notchsark.com;Notchs Ark
GameCeption.nl;GameCeptionNL
192.95.30.68:25569;Lupis-PVP-Factons
209.188.23.66:25692;atomicpvp
mc-db.com;mc-db.com
play.nationcraft.org;NationCraft
Stevecraft.tk;Stevecraft.tk
MC.DCMine.org;DCMine
play.nextgenupdate.com;NextGenUpdate Server!
pcgf.at;PC Gaming Freaks
sv.islavanaheim.com;La Isla de Vanaheim
server7.konsider.com;Kon's very cool server!
minerack.net;Minerack
188.165.158.172;Arixopvp Server
play.towncraftmc.info:25590;TownCraftMC
minecraft.graphicport.net;Kraft Original Grated Parmesan Cheese
198.12.125.184;Lunacraft
mc.kendylkraft.us;KendylKraft
galaxyempire.mcpro.co;GalaxyEmpire
198.154.112.167;DexlFactions
play.touchedcraft.fr;touchedcraft
sprucecraft.mcph.co:25625;sprucecraft
Mc.TheNinjaPvp.com;TheNinjaPvp
66.135.59.70;Impossible-Craft
Hg.McGroove.net;McGroove Hunger Games
108.170.15.242:29033;BryanCraft
ZombieHorde.net;Horde RPG Zombie Survival
24.17.251.200;RobertsnetMC
mc.infinityraids.net;InfiniteMC Factions Raiding 1.7.2
78.129.128.127;darkland
spycraft.spyserv.com:25635;SpyCraft
Minecraft.rendsen.nl;Jetcraft UHC
168.1.74.13:29751;MyCraftAU
minecraft.cakethecat.com:5000;Cakecraft
208.115.245.202;Squidcraft
mc.atmony.com;Atmony Server
198.49.77.108;HandCraft
184.154.88.54;Xronise
warlife.verygames.net;WarlifePT
Insanity-mc.com;Insaneprison OP prison
buddernation.zapto.org;Budder Nation
66.85.182.90:25772;Vortura Creative
144.76.217.44:25576;Retr0craft
play.minevolt.com;â MineVolt â Factions
209.188.6.211;LegendCraft [FREE DIAMOND
mc.oreminecraft.net;OreCraft
69.175.55.45;time panda
play.heavenshell.de;HeavensHell Skyblock
ASilverServer.no-ip.org;A Silver Server
eg-nation.net;Eagle-Nation
198.24.178.162:35085;Rangos Server
play.colecraft.net;colecraft
208.52.190.229;ScotticeCraft
mc.dirtyburger.lowhop.net;The Dirty Burger Vanilla
198.15.76.210:25606;zCraft
insane-pvp.mcph.co:30046;Insane-PvP
194.97.164.75;nikocraft
118.88.30.32;Mystical-ages
69.175.36.190;The Command PvP
173.243.117.171:25572;RPG Craft
OtakuCraft.co.uk;OtakuCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
kingdomwars.us.to;KingdomWars
server4.konsider.com;Kon's cool server 24/7
oneohone.nn.pe:25579;OneOhOne
184.164.128.114:30140;Wtm's Vanilla Server
cyanidecraft.gameserv.co;[1.6.2]- CyanideCraft 
play.mcpandoracraft.com:25661;PandoraCraft
192.210.233.142;mini games survival 
blueblix.com;Blueblix
icraftmc.com;iCraft Network
nexus.gexgaming.com;GexGaming
wildfiremc.com;Wildfiremc
SuperCraft.juniperbeach.net;SuperCraft
67.222.156.67;ThoughtCraft
play.pluscraft.org;PlusCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
78.129.230.89;Beastly Realms
TDM.me;TDM.me
144.76.168.7:29612;the servergamercraft
87.117.246.198;KippsCraft Hub
198.24.139.178:25596;PandaVerse
TDM.me;TDM.me
192.111.134.214;Voltzify Voltz Modpack
sg1.mcmn.eu;MCMN Hunger Games
199.188.103.197;Pickletimber
185.16.84.170;Pixel Monsters
mc8.fadehost.com:25590;Craft'n'Build
magnuscraft.zapto.org;MagnusCraft Casino
108.60.192.180;LegionCraft
play-dc.com;destructioncraft
mc.impactmods.com;Impactmods Factions
Kuledud3.kuleland.com;Kuleland
Minebuilders.me;Minebuilders -=[1.6]=-
pvp.immortalmc.com;inortalpcp
Obsidiancraft.eu;Obsidiancraft 24/7 PVP
Shadowspot.net;Shadowspot
77.111.210.235;UnderCraft
minegg.com;Jandan Huoxin
198.46.155.120;McRandomCraft
mc.SwipeNetwork.net;SwipeCraft
mc.thebamjam.co.uk;The BamJam Network
tj.mine-craft.nl;tj.multi-server
108.60.205.107;Voltzinators
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 
198.24.167.210;Medieval StarCraft
lupustech.net;LupusCraft
legendzpvp.mcpro.co;Legendzpvp
Minigame-Madness.com;Minigame Madness
75.127.13.144;The Decaying Empire
198.20.172.185;Duskcraft
mc.geekcast.co.uk;GeekCast
play.landofminecraft.com;The Land of Minecraft
demesticcraft.game.nfoservers.com;DemesticCraft
reskr.com;reskr.com
142.4.36.67;SappireCraft
flyingblock.com;flyingblock.com
108.61.9.76;Craft It
play.mc-delta.com;Delta Games Network
TDM.me;TDM.me
server.kbgaming.tk;Kbgaming.tk
74.63.196.7;OneLariat | Survival 24/7
ninjapvp.no-ip.org;Ninja PvP
server3.konsider.com;Kon's 24/7 Awesome Server
blackcraft.us;BlackCraft
play.mckarnage.com;MC Karnage
Prison.wc-mc.com;Prison WreckedCrusade 
203.33.121.1:25580;fRuMpL3CRAFT
69.46.74.47;Creepernation
198.24.175.50:26174;DBLCraft
198.24.139.178:25596;Pandaverse
TDM.me;TDM.me
minecraft.challock.com;GamezKube
198.24.134.114;Cuboid Crunch RAID
Mysidia.Net;Mysidia
69.175.65.155;DragonEyePvp
464server.com;464 server
pvp.gc-mc.de;GermanCraft-PvP
94.23.211.77:25573;CAKE-CRAFT
xserv.net;X-Serv
creepercommunity.net;CreeperCommunity
mc.trilliumcraft.com;Trilliumcraft
rpgfactions.com;RPGFactions
us.mc-delta.com;Delta Games Network
Hunger-mine.tk;Hunger Mine
75.127.11.69;TF 141 server
172.245.31.253;NationalPvP
96.127.131.73;MechanicServer
Mc.agamers.ro;Mc.aGamers.Ro
Play.Parsonage.co;Parsonage
198.15.96.14;FireRealm [1.6.2]
SlenderKraft.myftp.org;SlenderKraft
108.174.60.69:25665;Discovery: Ulti. Survival
198.46.135.163:25567;SilverCraft
extremepvp.net;ExtremePVP
mc.daletech.us;DaleTech Minecraft
mckds.com;K.D.Server
198.24.170.164;MineliciousCraft
thesociety.eu:2223;The Society || Traincraft
188.165.217.14:25566;EclipseCraft
superservers.dy.fi;SuperCraft
mc.instapvp.com;InstaPvP
stonegate.serverminer.com:25822;StoneGate Survival & Fun 
192.227.132.104:25665;Night-Lander
mc.tiger-gaming.net;Tiger-Gaming Minecraft
mc.minespace.org;MineSpace!
198.20.111.26;RaidCraft
Prison.wc-mc.com;Prison WreckedCrusade 
198.20.111.26;RaidCraft
198.23.247.102;swagcraft
mc-ap.com;AmplifiedPvP
teamcrafter.servegame.com;TeamCraft
162.210.38.206;EquationCraft
play.punchingblocks.co.uk;Punching Blocks UK
mc.razorpvp.ca;redstone pvp
mc.redstonepvp.com;swag pvp 
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc.shadowraid.net;ShadowRaid
play.avondalerpg.net;AvondaleRPG
www.Dwacraft.com;Dwacraft
198.178.125.62:25702;ArchivePvP
75.127.11.94;GhastbustersFTW Server
172.245.34.132;QuadForce Pixelmon
srv1.almuramc.com;Almura
playmc.cc;The Cosmos
survivethenight.tk;Survive the Night
85.131.155.242;CastleLoria
24.125.191.180;WootiCraft-PvP Minigames!
pvp.destinyraids.net;>> DestinyRaids <<
144.76.29.202:25573;GogoVille
173.236.85.114;Kibbie Kraft
87.98.194.90:25665;SuzuCraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.20.96.158;Flux's Faction Server
mc.miningresort.com:25585;-=[TheMiningResortCloud]=
peepzcraft.no-ip.org;Most abusive admins ever
antichthon.net;Antichthon
mc.noxpvp.com;NoxPVP
108.170.40.242;CIVCRAFT MC [Economy][Gov
108.170.40.242;CIVCRAFT MC [Economy][Gov
198.46.135.163:25567;SilverCraft
mc.majkrafci.net;Majkrafci.net NETWORK 
198.24.175.50:26189;LegitCraft
ikeacraft.net;IKEACRAFT
217.114.195.232;German Infected Gamers
108.163.212.16;Jailbreak
192.111.137.123;MajorLeaguePvp
play.mdcraft.info;MDCraft
play.skitscape.com;Survival island
yeouschcraft.com;YeouschCraft
188.165.217.14:25566;Eclipse Craft
108.170.41.138;KingdomGames
198.8.95.220;MythofMinecraft
192.210.232.137;Twisted Craft
172.245.42.205;The Underworld
Minituff.net;Minituff.net
therobixs.tk;Therobixs
mcs.tw;mysteam
206.51.239.108:25655;mc.faceless-gaming.com
198.23.247.56;AuraPvp
198.23.247.56;aurapvp
198.23.247.56;aurapvp
play.dubcraft.org;DubstepCraig
198.23.247.56;aurapvp
198.24.168.250:30244;Cake Craft
208.167.230.132;VirtualCraaft
198.23.247.56;aurapvp
Play.DFCnetwork.mooo.com;DFC network
TDM.me;TDM.me
75.127.1.137;FreezePVP
108.170.40.242;CIVCRAFT MC [Economy][Gov
mc.enstopia.com;Enstopia Network
178.20.170.87:25601;TMS The Mega Server
darkdragons.mcserver.ws;darkdragons
mc.procraftserver.com;ProCraft Survival Games
server.bibercraft.de;BiberCraft
198.23.144.206;Banzore Minecraft
83.167.247.44;ATLANTIDA
play.xaloria.com;Xaloria
NoahCraft.zapto.org;NoahCraft
BDACraft.beastnode.net;BDACraft
Play.UtopiaMC.Net;-Utopia Project-
173.193.69.178;rpmfiles.net
s32.hosthorde.com:25666;KillerBeeCraft
sv.meincraft.ro;Meincraft survival
69.175.36.190;The Command PVP
tk.beastmc.com;TK Unleashed
198.23.247.56;AuraPvp
skyblock.net;skyblock
198.23.247.56;AuraPvp 
216.172.107.252;XyionGaming
santtulicraft.sytes.net;SanttuliCraft
192.186.154.228;WildAttack
109.169.12.67;PigasusCraft
play.lichcraft.com;play.lichcraft.com
play.aton2.com;play.aton2.com
198.20.111.29;Raid'Em!
37.59.31.194:25571;RipplePvP
TDM.me;TDM.me
198.24.178.162:35103;RainWood
mc.engammacraft.com; Engamma Craft
wallsmc.com;MC zone
38Gaming.PlayAt.Ch;38Gaming
Play.aemservers.net;AEM Network
192.95.30.125:25567;Immercraft
play.mc4.co;Minigames | SkyBlock
24.5.236.166;SensationCraft
85.17.169.148:25598;AwesomeCraft Server
mw.pvp.kz;MedievalWar
server2.konsider.com;Kon's VERY COOL PLACE :D
108.163.221.166;KrazedPvP
mc.derpislands.com;Derp Islands
bobworld.mooo.com;BobWorld
192.95.31.50:25724;FLMGCraft
s21.hosthorde.com:25664;Last Craft 1.6.2
novus.dimensionsapart.com;Dimensions Apart Novus
mc.furplay.tk;Furplay
Skyblock.net;Skyblock
play.pulsefirepvp.net;PulsefirePvP
ft-mc.com;FreezeTag Network
crimetime.PlayAt.CH;Crime Time
172.245.31.198;Grief'R'us
mc.BubbasSurvival.com:25706;Bubbas Survival
mc.drummerzcraft.us;-=[DrummerzCraft]=-
mc.curiumgaming.com;Curium Gaming Survival
66.71.245.114:25621;PlugPowerPlay
youcraft.beastnode.net;YouCraft!
tonicraft.no-ip.biz;ToniCraft (Official)
198.24.164.74:33864;NLG's MC Server!
198.24.167.210:25638;198.24.167.210
85.236.100.210:28165;Adventurecraft
RoyalTussle.nn.pe:25595;Royal Tussle
mc.minegames.us;Mine Games
minerzone.net;MinerZone
play.mc-galacticwarfare.com;MC-GalacticWarfare
play.overplay.ro;Play OverPlay Romania
198.24.167.210:25638;Medieval Craft
96.8.119.235:25665;PvP-Paradise
minecraft.mcserver.ws;PvP101
EclipseCraft.veoserv.com;EclipseCraft
create.lemoncraft.com;Lemon Craft
beqz.org;BEQZ
198.24.143.242:26140;W1kkedServer
64.31.52.44;PokeCraft
173.243.117.171:25610;Defiantraids
blockheads.mymc.io;BlockHeads
mc-mg.zapto.org;Minecraft Minigames
172.245.42.214;Ben's PVP Server
rokee5624.com;Survival anti-grief
172.245.31.78;Wire craft
85.236.102.8:30565;HavenPvP
209.236.119.193;McMythic
176.9.234.1:25730;Ardycraft Factions!
176.9.234.1:25730;Ardycraft Factions!
vcraftbros.mcpro.co;VcraftBros
192.210.232.117;Rustic Craft
prison.mymc.io;Inception Prison Server
184.171.249.246;dman351
162.218.116.149;Darks-Craft 
75.127.11.15;GhastRealm
mc.shadowhold.net;Shadowhold
mc.dynamiverse.com;CappleApple's Server
mciberians.fluctis.com;Iberians Server
108.170.18.10:25740;Ancient_Kingdom_Craft
96.8.119.125;Flamcraft
184.164.128.114;Toxiic Craft
mc6.fadehost.com:25695;Tekkit Lite 3 Restriction
198.24.164.74:33863;Wolf Craft
124.197.27.189;Hate Prime
valikorlia.org;Valikorlia
s26.hosthorde.com:25666;Supercraft
198.24.178.163;GothamCraft
192.95.40.64;Baconia Reborn
cobbocraft.co.uk:25614;CobboPrison
77.111.245.138;Whitelyn Survival Server
darkness.fadehost.com;Darkenss
193.84.64.113;Just2Play
31.204.131.25;Crafters Wrath
198.20.111.163;LegendaryPvP
mc.spinalcraft.com;Spinalcraft
108.170.11.170:25937;ExCraft1.6.4 24/7 Reopened
8.6.77.8:25605;Medieval-Undead
198.24.181.2:25633;Pinnacle Server
mc.PvPRaiders.eu;PVPRaiders
mc.segcraft.net;Segcraft
mc.nextgenerationcm.com;Next Generation CM
Tdm.me;Tdm.me
119.252.191.245:25645;EliteMines
37.59.165.228;Minecraft Iberians Server
TheSkyCraftiers.epicgamer.org;TheSkyCraftiers
172.245.208.151;CreeperMine
play.darcecraft.com;TestCraft
86.34.101.71;Happy Minecraft SURVIVAL
diputscraft.net:56365;DiputsCraft!
gocadacraft.mcpro.co;GocadaCraft
smp.mcblockaholics.com;CraftCity
Snow-PvP.us;Snow PvP
108.166.172.49;Zapple Nation
mc.camelotmc.net;CamelotMC
192.211.53.46;Worldofemilys Server
cobel.pl;COBEL
s131.csrv.pl:13251;M-Craft_PVP
kotobaminers.org;Kotoba Miners
mc.PvPlanet.de;PvPlanet
185.38.148.64:25585;The Empire Strikes Block
mc.ggdrugs.com;GGDrugs Survival PVP
192.99.0.28;Robot City
5.135.139.53:25607;Valkyries of Light
69.175.47.115;JaggedPvP
XxSunsxX.mcph.co:42998;BroPvP
knifecraft.tk;knifecraft.tk
192.210.236.151:25665;SurgeCraft
66.85.164.40;BrovilleMC
50.157.179.54;Minecraft Paintball+MORE
76.168.105.205;SigmaTau
Skyblock.net;Skyblock
mc.herobrineshosting.com:1504;Plebcraft
Play.thecraftingtable.org;The Crafting Table
162.218.116.142;Shenanigans PvP
173.224.222.5;Otherland
85.236.100.202:30165;VumCraft
server.the-walls.de;Buid-Hive - The Walls
188.122.88.5:25719;YoshiCraft
hub.thelipster.net;TheLipster
goldcraftkitpvp.mcph.co;Goldcraft Kitpvp
bananapielord.us;MiniGame Network PropHunt
37.59.237.232;CaliCoCraft
hub.evomc.co;Evolution Gaming
serveur.fieldcraft.fr;Fieldcraft
67.181.156.181;FriendlyCraft
ftbultimate.mortiswow.net;MortisMine FTB Ultimate
bloxycraft.mcpro.co;BloxyCraft
mc.RobotHole.net;Robot Hole
uk47.fragnet.net:26565;MinecraftUniverse
mc28.serverminer.com:25838;ScorpionPvP
24.23.101.14;Mythic
mc40.serverminer.com:25646;Lividia
198.50.201.229;SwimKraft-100% Vanilla
mc2.fadehost.com:25642;chungie1010
mc10.fadehost.com:25577;Canadiancraft
mc.thacrewgaming.com;Tha_Crew Official Server!
64.74.111.77:25570;Down Under Survival
77.111.239.34;VoxalSpace sLO
192.210.194.68:25765;Home Villa
XLPrison.fluctis.com;XLPrison
82.145.53.117;Kingdom Of Aircelya
185.16.85.40:26065;Cr33perCraft
play.dawncraft.org;DawnCraft
ftb.kappacraft.fr;KappaCraft
heroickingdom.minecraft.to;Heroic kingdom
NarutoRPG.co.uk;Naruto RPG
198.20.99.66;DodgyCraft
198.20.110.164;HK minecraft server
178.20.170.146;AirPlay
69.175.104.204;McThrills
184.154.186.35;AbyssCraft
172.245.208.150;EliteCraft
play.toolscraftmc.com;ToolscraftMC 5.0 Cracked
corruptioncraft.mcserver.ws;Corruptioncraft
prison.uberpvp.us;GRAND OPENING | Uber Prison | No lag
77.111.255.94;GoldenVille
172.245.31.221;DestinyPVP
buzzbong.com;Mine Little Pony
thestoofnetwork.net;thestoofnetwork
208.146.44.201;Real Ip 199.96.85.5:25600
85.190.134.56;BigCity
gay-craft.no-ip.org;Real Ip 199.96.85.5:25600
198.50.236.128;IceCrown Citadel
mc.worldthathaslasers.com;WorldThatHasLASERS
75.127.0.58:25665;Prodigy Craft
69.195.149.100;Lance'sPixelmonServer
mc.nerdfighteria.com;Nerdcrafteria
pvp.reborncraft.biz;RebornCraft
198.24.185.74:26181;WonderCraft
f2wonline.org;Fidgets2Widgets Online
temprocraft.mcpro.co;TemproCraft
minecraft.reskr.com;Reskr
pvp.daegonner.com;daegonner
108.170.41.210;Narnia
69.175.59.211;WLRCraft
69.175.65.150;Hardcoremcfactions!
coolcraft.redirectme.net;Coolcraft
play.strongholdcraft.com;Strongholdcraft
dwcamocraft.mcpro.co;5 Clans Network
piecraft.mcpro.co;ultimate pie craft
198.27.79.245;WolfCraft
mc.maglyarth.com:25573;Maglyarth
alcacraftprison.us.to;Alcacraft Prison
mc16.serverminer.com:25833;RedstoneCraft
humaneprison.com;Humane Prison
77.111.249.186;HunterBlock
rw-mc.com;ChronicalPvP
join.warzonedefenders.com;Warzonedefenders
173.15.60.241;FreedomCraft
mc.riftservers.com;RiftServers
PlayRed.ZanixServers.Com;ZanixServers Pixelmon Red
play.fallofanempire.com;Fall of an Empire 
63.141.228.106:25576;Inglorious Crafters
69.175.124.76;northern Realms
192.210.194.68:25765;HomeVilla
77.111.193.243;XxXCraft
GodsPvP.net;GodsPvP
minetime.com;minetime
mc.thecraftin.net;the craftin network
op.thatcookiepvp.net;ThatCookiePvP - OP Craft 
198.23.247.56;HelishPvP
mc.artificegaming.com;Artifice MC
minecraftsmp.org;MinecraftSMP
69.175.52.2;Tr3xCraft
5.135.128.101:25844;PlatformPVP
NAPALMCRAFT.nn.pe:25589;THE-APOCALYPSE
miniminecraft.com;miniminecraftCRAKED
gamechatworld.co;GameChatWorld
65.60.0.147;KWCraft
exaltedcraft.mcph.co:25661;Exalted Craft - Creative
198.24.182.194:26912;BudderCraft
66.85.162.146:26013;Hobo & Co
198.24.134.114:25780;FortFish
209.236.113.200;Knights of Notch
platycast.com;PlatyCast
mineprime.com;mineprime cloud
mc.vexumpvp.com;VexumPvP
McCreative.org;McCreative
198.23.144.125;play.StratsMC.com
op.infinityraids.net;InfiniteMC Overpowered Raiding 1.7.2
minecraft2.me;DiabloCraft
TownCraft.mine.bz;TownCraft
mc.ruin.cc;Ruin Universe
Mc10.fadehost.com:25577;CanadianCraft
playmc.terminus-gaming.com;Terminus Gaming Community
play.actionpvp.com;ActionPVP - Minigames
109.169.12.133;Malicoria
142.4.210.197;ShipCraft
us1.bybservers.co.uk;ByB Servers
mc.cloudcreeper.net:25571;Cloudcreeper Minecraft 
MCMC.ME;Survival Server
96.8.119.172;FreezePvPKitPvP
storycraft.mcph.co:25573;DarknessCraft
mc.webuildcrap.com;WeBuildCrap
mc8.fadehost.com:25658;EpicCraft
65.60.0.136;McSlyShroomsPixelmon
hg.hellfire.it;HellFire HungerGames
192.111.128.49;VanillaMCPvP
jgamecraft.net;jgamecraft
71.231.224.110;DoctorsCraft
108.170.40.242;CIVCRAFT MC [POLITICS]
server.dizzycraft.com;DizzyCraft
198.24.165.154;EDO'S WORLD
mc.lifeonbetaworld.com;Betaworld
smp.unicornbloodgames.com;UnicornBloodGames
MC.Atlantica.US;Atlantica
play.aegisgaming.org;Aegis Gaming
162.249.170.73:28376;Emerald Hills Revived
172.245.34.142;CaveCraft
omg.pcraft.fr:25594;Ohminegod
192.210.233.126;Essence
85.190.138.137;Procrafting
Gravelcraft.nl;Gravelcraft
omg.pcraft.fr;OhMineGod
skyblock.net;sky block
knights.bohemothgaming.com;KnightsCraft
80.241.215.17:25568;The Minecraft Bay
108.178.21.27;Universal Raid
mc.axtralcraft.es;AxtralCraft
minecraft.pizzaliver.com;PizzaLiver
teefuscraft.no-ip.org;Real Ip 199.96.85.5:25600
mc8.fadehost.com:25741;Redstone Bomb!
minecraft.carcosadesign.com.au;New Dagon
198.24.171.114:31902;ClancyCraft
ic.mcserver.ws:25566;InfiniteCraft
75.127.0.110:25765;UnderWorld Craft
192.99.20.229:26296;SalvadorZXAS Minecraft Server 
119.252.190.74:25814;The Olympus Network
pvp.mcviral.com;Ghosts of Ascalon
192.99.4.185;Digital Reality
198.24.181.2:25622;DownunderMc
dcminecraft.com;DC Minecraft
creative.saintscraft.com;creativesaints
mc.tweetiecraft.com;Tweetiecraft
minigames.queztech.net:25567;MiniGames
85.236.101.131:25965;KitBeastPvP
mc16.serverminer.com:25833;RedstonePrison
46.228.200.244;CastleCraft
aliencraft.mcph.co:46250;Aliencraft
swingsword.net;SwingSword
minecraftinferno.com;Mc Inferno
weechweb.net;WeechWeb
ironcraft.game.nfoservers.com;iRON Servers
192.210.194.75:25665;Nathan's Simple Survival
Chaoscraftfun.no-ip.org;ChaosCraft
37.59.83.98:25669;MCSR
kits.lolpvp.com;#1 KIT PVP & HUNGER GAMES
drugs.lolpvp.com;LOLPVP DRUGS
82.96.119.105:25665;Noobcraft
thelifehubmc.minecraftserver.co;TheLifeHubMC Tekkit Lite
razecraft.us;Raze Craft
mc-sync.com;Sync Network
198.12.125.165;Effortless Synergy
play.andrew-craft.com;Andrew Craft
play.aushcsmp.com;AusHCSMP.com
108.170.61.24;King'sMyth
198.154.97.228;Darkrider
swaggingpvp.com;Swaggingpvp.com
mc.pcgaming.com;PCgaming Minecraft
198.24.178.162:36044;Create A Craft
spark.mcraft-ip.com;Spark Central Minecraft
hub.craftbudder.com;Craftbudder
Mc.WinterCraft.co.uk;WinterCraft
thelard.minecraft-network.net;Thelard
85.236.102.8:27865;EDC
s127.csrv.pl:17676;NovaCraftxd
46.4.60.136:25626;FlavouredCrafting
65.25.123.23;CarsonCraft
SM.serverminer.com:25687;Suprememiners
198.24.160.196;Real Ip 199.96.85.5:25600
119.252.191.158;RazerKits
karmasbitch.com;Karmas Craft Semi Vanilla Server
mc.fusion-pvp.com;FusionPvP
216.172.107.228;CarrotCraft
198.12.123.205;LOL Craft
mc36.serverminer.com:25587;Ultracraft
192.99.0.28:25684;CheezyCraft2
ExtremeMC.net;ExtremeMC
play.treemc.net;TreeMC
108.170.40.242;Civcraft MC
mc.godzcraft.com:25637;Ip:69.175.24.52
play.redwarfare.com;Red Warfare
198.24.182.194:26912;BudderCraft
192.95.49.185;Redstone Realm
play.craftingcrafter.com;craftingcrafter
mc.terracrafters.net;Terracrafters
play.pvpland.net;PvP Land Factions | McMMo
46.253.196.46:25665;Lemon City
77.111.192.61;EsenceCraft
mc-devilcraft.net;DevilCraft
185.16.85.25;BlockPlacers
198.20.98.220;ToniCraft
play.minegroup.net;MineGroup
mc.goldrealms.com;GoldRealMs
216.157.78.175:27065;HospitalityCraft
minecraft.inb4u.com;Inb4u Minecraft
198.15.64.226:56673;The Emerald Isle
sixpredmores.com;Buildathon
185.16.85.18:25965;ConnorsUniverse
192.210.232.76;Twist Craft!
96.8.116.20:25765;âââPowercraftâââ
skyuniversesb.no-ip.org;Hard core skyblock!
jail.subsidemc.com;Sub City Jail
198.49.65.16;Domestic FInds
play.cobblecobble.com;Cobblecobble
WitchCraft.minecraft.to;WitchCraft
ReflexPrison.net;ReflexPrison
minecraft.fishserver.co.uk;EnhancedCraft
192.95.16.151:25585;Zombie Craft
s.esplace.de;ESPLACE
mc.sabotagepvp.com;SabotagePvP
pvp.newbreedgaming.com;NewBreed // PvP
162.218.116.243;Land of ChBey
ironcraft.game.nfoservers.com;iRON Servers
Mc.GirSociety.Com;GirSociety
98.198.6.52;Legend of the Lost Empire
mesomc.net;Crymlyn Towny
192.111.134.119;-=ShaftCraft=-
84.200.44.76;FantastyCraft
198.20.109.60;SpinKraft
5.9.147.131:25574;SOMETHING EPIC!!!!!!!
wolfcraft.beastmc.com;Wolfcraft
mc.economyheaven.net;EconomyHeaven Network
192.111.142.92;LockMC
198.24.181.2:25622;DownunderMC
server.facettenlan.com;Sondnet
sv.meincraft.ro;sv.meincraft.ro
69.162.66.20:25633;NolanCraft
69.175.24.151;Distant survival
198.24.177.66:43293;bentcraftpvp
mcau.org;MCAU
192.111.142.28;zichora
184.171.173.50:56377;ToastedCraft
mc.titaniumcraft.net;TitaniumCraft
cyberspace.crafting.tk:25562;Cyberspace
mc.cedarcraft.org;Cedarcraft
198.24.177.66:25602;RavineCraftPvP
108.170.39.10:25589;SkyCraft
Play.actionpvp.com;Action PvP
play.lorecase.org;LoreCase
mc.yokocraft.info;YokoCraft
PvP.Wc-MC.Com;WreckedCrusade 1.6.4
minecraft.exadiawinds.com;ExadiaWinds
radiatednetwork.com;radiated network
208.115.219.163:25569;ChaosCraft
poke.pixelgens.com;PixelGens Pixelmon Server
85.190.139.67;KobraCraft
Play.ColossusCraft.com;ColossusCraft
nano.craftblock.me:25585;Nanoblock Custom Modpack
mc.forge-realms.net;Forge-Realms
198.24.131.34:25572;Base 13 Reloaded
mc.stickypiston.net:25665;StickyPiston
198.23.247.144;JABS
198.12.66.244;Dual Craft
mc.fusion-pvp.com;_-=FusionPvP=-_
69.175.24.39;ghetto new server
69.175.55.42;UnlimatedCraft
pvp.kyuzi.com;Kyuzi PvP
lanapug.com;PugCraft
95.141.34.170;MineTotal
184.171.251.67;CoolCraft
188.212.100.10;WZT.Minecraft-Romania.Com
play.colorcraft.me;ColorCraft
192.210.230.131;GreekCraft
85.236.101.131:29265;ZinkCraft
night-trinity.com;Night-Trinity
81.30.155.253;CeriseCraft.de
s33.hosthorde.com:26065;Realm of Ruins
85.190.140.170;FreebuildCraft
laircraft.freeddns.com;Laircraft
play.insane-mc.com;Insane-MC
play.everythingsurvival.net;cops and robbers
66.85.149.210:33480;Cosmo Craft
pvp.pitforge.com;new server
spycraft.me:25587;SpyCraft
mc.UrbanRealms.us;Urban Realms
172.245.208.190;RAWRcraft
Mc.Razorpvp.Ca;Mc.Razorpvp.ca
pvp.combatcraft.net;CombatCraft
minerealm.mcpro.co:25733;MineRealm
NoZenPvP.net;NoZenPvP | OP | Factions
198.24.162.90:25572;Immortal Heroes
mc.rhythmpvp.net;Rhythm Creative
193.0.159.78;Skittles Server
mc.multi-player.nl;Nice_Minez Bukkit Server
77.111.254.140;TrollzCrafters
172.245.30.203;EthostalgiaCraft
108.166.179.54;FuryCraft
revopvp.mcserver.ws;RevolutionaryCraft
mc.prot3ch.net;Prot3ch server
play.mc-sq.net;MCSquared Network
tacobell.mooo.com;Legendcraft
mc39.serverminer.com;Vanilla Survival-crgaming
booyahMC.com;BooyahMC
208.100.19.150;Those 18th Century guys
192.198.194.218:26833;TwilightZone Crafters
108.170.5.66:25585;FragPvp!
play.death-student.com;Death Student
66.85.149.210:33538;The IV Age
192.99.21.120:25620;WelcomeCraft
184.95.39.166;McOpKits
198.154.97.243;FusionCraft
198.154.97.243;FusionCraft 1.6.4 -  Fact
198.20.111.231;DelzCraftz
mc.team-empire.chickenkiller.com;Team Empire 24|7
mc.team-empire.chickenkiller.com;Team Empire 24|7
198.50.202.88;MEDIEVAL SERVER
198.24.178.170:43190;Linnie-Craft
198.24.171.114:31902;ClancyCraft
jdminecraft.dyndns.org;JDMinecraft
178.32.245.110;UltimateCraft
Dirkocraft.com;Dirkocraft
marresteik.mine.bz;MarreSteik
my.mineadventure.net;Mine Adventure
arcadiasb.net;ArcadiaSB
mc.minelife.eu;MineLife
37.59.200.71;NoEscapePvP [24/7] [PvP]
pixelmasters.org;Pixel Masters!
185.9.104.215;JumpKillers
LostGods.net;LostGods Factions
woodycraft.net;Woodycraft
23.94.116.72;United Nations Craft
play.ProCraftGaming.net;ProCraft Gaming
kit.rage-pvp.org;Rage KitPvP
69.175.17.59;SmartCraft
Starwarscraft.com;Starwarscraft
server.themcgamingnetwork.com:25802;The MC Gaming Network
mc.goldcraft247.com;GoldCraft
minecraft.ndc.me;Jesuscraft
185.16.85.36:25965;The Oddysey
Challengecraft.us;Challengecraft
mc.xhcraft.net;Xhcraft
unitedminerz.com;UnitedMinerz - 32GB Dedi
proraid.mcph.co;Pro Raid
prisonbreak.mcpro.co:31771;PrisonBreak
Play.D3s-Craft.CoM;3
172.245.34.58;Kingdoms Of Flash
pvp.adroition.net;Adroition PVP
Play.Pvpraiding.net;The PVPRaiding Server
72.197.230.116;EconCraft
198.49.65.43;My Amazing Server
oraclepvp.net;OraclePvP
legendsword.biz;LegendSword
198.24.180.218;Root of Cube
mc.stormw.net;Join for 3 Diamonds!
185.4.149.41:25587;ChaosCraft
188.122.88.131:29049;PvP         Corporation
mc.blockaddicts.net;Blockaddicts
hg.drizzard.com;DrizzardXtreme
play.realmoflegions.com;Realm  Of Legions
185.16.85.133:26165;P.O.G does Minecraft
minecraft.augamers.com;AU Gamers
184.154.129.254;GoatsMinecraft
minebattle.com;minebattle
io.pixin.net;IOCraft
angelcraft.info;AngelCraft - Survival
MC-Correctional-Facility.com;MC Correctional Facility
192.198.195.26;Arktos Gaming
85.131.203.10;SIBA-Craft
108.170.18.10:25685;MinerTown[NewSpawn]
193.0.159.61:25570;GG-Craft
ftb.darkactive.net;DarkActive FTB Unleashed
198.27.99.83;TheProCrafters
172.245.34.249;Killer Survival
mc16.serverminer.com:25654;Galatic Craft Network
smp1.empire.us;Empire Minecraft
craft.landofordos.org;Land of Ordos
mc.empirescraft.net:25655;EmpiresCraft
BWL.US.TO;BWL Servers
Creeperparadise.com;Creeper Paradise
SheepNation.no-ip.org;Sheep Nation
realmsofmc.bluelime.tk;Realms of Minecraft
kitpvp.net;KitPvp
172.245.32.123;Freemancraft
mc.geomecraft.com;Geomecraft
crafthuette.de;crafthuette
mc.mineagepvp.com;mineagepvp
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
mc.craftlife.co;CraftLife
if-pvp.no-ip.org;Inferno PvP
ultra-realms.flipsi.de;UltraRealms
mc.playterraflux.com;Terraflux
mc.infinitycraft.craftx.biz;InfinityCraft
mc.legacykits.net;Legacy Kits
178.20.170.147;JanjaTown Prison
woodycraft.net;WoodyCraft
192.210.229.74;NN Minecraft Server
mc.alohacraft.net;Aloha Craft
198.20.179.101;AmazeCraft
96.8.119.230:25865;PurePledge - Paintball-SG-BuildMyThing
209.148.93.26:25773;RedCraft
199.187.120.124:25684;ZenCraft
208.115.247.164:25621;EnderKnights
mc.rubycraft.net;rubycraft
www.mortiswow.net:25564;MortisMine FTB Unleashed
198.8.93.53;SuperHunta PvP
198.154.103.121;ElitePvpGaming
fadeshot-pvp.net;Fadeshot-PVP
mc.duel-craft.com;DuelCraft
mc.desiredcraft.net;desirecraft
noblebending.co;NobleBending
play.dungeonrealms.net;DungeonRealms
37.59.47.10:25581;XD Craft 
s53.mineserv.eu:22014;MineList.PL
play.tri-craft-mc.com;Tri Craft
46.253.196.15:25765;CNG SURVIVAL SERVER
play.martialcraft.net;MartialCraft
server.letsmine.eu;Let's Mine Reallife
rushcraft.westworldmc.com;Rushcraft
81.30.155.127;LagoonCraft
play.andrew-craft.com;Andrew Craft
blazemc.game-server.cc;BlazeMc
play.roamcraft.net;RoamCraft Networks
96.8.119.235:25665;PVP Paradise
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
play.minelegends.us;MineLegends
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
Play.ClearRealms.com;ClearRealms
ultimatecraft.verygames.net;UltimateCraft
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
173.236.85.232;Suicide Craft
108.178.21.27;Universal Raid
198.154.103.117;MeepCraft 
ultimate-pvp.ca;Ultimate-PvP
69.175.43.14;BustCraft
172.245.208.172;EndersRealm
mc16.serverminer.com;Isaiahcraft
75.127.0.110:25765;underworld
woodycraft.net;Woodycraft
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
66.85.185.178:25996;MinecraftNation
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
tinycraft.no-ip.info;Tinycraft 1.7.2
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
77.111.196.242;McDcCraft
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
mc.hatchcfactions.net;HatchCraft
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
pvp.worldofsnakes.info;PercyPvP
play.embercraft.us;EmberCraft
108.170.14.146:26097;Happy PVP
198.20.123.34;FrenzyPVP
77.111.203.46;DonutsCraft
play.maguscraft.com;MagusCraft
minenode.net;MineNode
184.171.243.230;MegaCraft
server.redhallow.com;Red Hallow
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
167.114.210.4;DwD Gaming
77.111.203.46;DonutsCraft
193.111.140.120;TDM-Party
yinland.zapto.org;Yinland
craftmagic.fluctis.com:25765;CraftMagic
server9.konsider.com;Very cool server! Join!
77.111.253.231;Fun Portugal
play.exoah.com;Exoah
5.9.66.77:25577;SpriteCrafter
198.27.98.182;SpaceManCraft!
nerdbeast.com;Nerdbeast
dugmc.eu;DoubleUpCraft
198.20.94.204;Aftermath PvP
play.townyworlds.com;PLAY.TOWNYWORLDS.COM
k00.mcpro.co;The Factions Den
216.172.96.243:25584;Browncraft
minecraft.game.nfoservers.com;Undisclosed Gaming
minecraft.game.nfoservers.com;Undisclosed Gaming
198.8.89.119;Suits Craft Factions
skyblock.saintscraft.com;skyblockSaints
208.167.246.141;Dreamcraft7
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
198.23.247.6;DreamPvP
aldeanosmc.com;Los Aldeanos Network
184.95.57.69;ElementalMC
91.121.71.100;RiffRaff Clan Tekkit
198.23.247.145;Prison Days
77.111.240.233;MechaCraft
199.229.253.11;AnarchistCraft
198.20.98.177;ChaosHaze
198.27.99.89;OminousPie
212.83.157.32:10048;AsbCraft
94.23.227.183:25578;TheBeat Server
198.15.115.114:25847; Idea Craft
minecraft43.net;Minecraft43
sky-turtle.zapto.org;SkyTurtle
184.164.152.171;arenapvp need people now
192.99.161.60:25608;SchwartzCraft Network
ElectricCraft.mcpro.co;ElectricCraft
hero.newagepvp.com;NewAge Heroes.
mc16.serverminer.com:25833;SkyrimRPG
s64.mineserv.eu:42401;zelekcraft.srvmc.pl
72.38.171.254;AUGamers Server
bkcraft.servegame.com;Battle Kirby Craft
hub.vikkcraft.com;VikkCraft.com
82.145.53.76;Lego Craft
Corruptioncraft.mcserver.ws;Corruptioncraft
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
46.105.151.96:25693;SOTF
highpvp.com;HighPvP
play.EliteGamesMC.com;EliteGamesMC
198.24.155.250:25588;World That Has LASERS
Potential-PVP.us;Potential PVP
jogar.megamine.com.br;Megamine
diehardgaming.fluctis.com;DieHard Gaming QUESTS
play.imposa.se;Imposa Svensk server Towny PvP
46.253.196.15:25765;CNG SERVER
skygun.net;Skygun
play-skyblock.com;Lextinnn
95.141.34.170:25567;ShadowCave
77.111.202.45;TheForbiddenkingdom
67.209.228.227;PokeNova
mc.evilcraft.net;EvilCraft
fluttercraft.no-ip.biz:22565;FlutterCraft
play.mineholm.com;Mineholm 24/7 Survival
play.journeycraft.net;JourneyCraft
Remix-Prison.com;Remix-Prison
ChargedCraft.uk.to;ChargedCraft
67.212.180.44;PvpCraft (Hacks Allowed)
TDM.me;TDM.me
TDM.me;TDM.me
opti-craft.mcpro.co;Opti-Craft
TDM.me;TDM.me
mc16.serverminer.com:25833;SkyrimRPG
mc.spit-fire.us;The Spit-Fire Network
mcpvp.org;mcpvp.org
play.arcxismc.com;ArcxisMC
69.175.45.138;Realms PvP
YoutubeCraft.com;YoutubeCraft | Factions
goldenchicken.beastnode.net;GoldenChicken
198.8.95.181;SHUB-CORP
mc.mcorigins.com;MCORIGINS
198.20.111.233;Black Arrow PvP
85.131.167.201;Lockcraft ONLINE
108.170.54.162:25773;AnthonardoCraft
vastpvp.mcph.co;VastPvP 2.0
198.49.66.82;[TSS] Whitelisted
ELITEKitPvP.minecraftserver.co;ElitePvP
s35.hosthorde.com:25621;GummyBear Quest
wgtowny.no-ip.org;Windmill Gaming
ArtieriamCraft.mcdl.us;ArtieriamCraft
minecave.us;swing sword
108.166.163.139;NorthPVP
198.27.68.217:25600;DarkWorld
198.12.66.123;MineQc
GoodCraft.us;GoodCraft
198.24.168.226:31101;noahsark98
elementals.cbyte.co;Real Ip 199.96.85.5:25600
198.27.97.0;Hurricane Craft
37.157.241.132;Emperor PvP
mc.dextopia.com;Dextopia Network
mc.mine51.com;Mine51
185.16.85.37;Legendary Kingdom
mj.minevolution.fr;Minevolution Mini-Games
underdogmc.mcph.co;UnderdogMC
198.144.179.34;UGC PVP-RAID-FACTIONS
no1ishere.com;No One Is Here
play.legacyminecraft.org;The Legacy Network
85.131.249.126;FlightCraft
Mc.thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
play.diplomacycraft.com;30+ Players Need Staff!
198.24.167.170;IronKingdom
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
mc.pcgaming.com;PCGAMING
198.24.164.66:25583;Forcora Correctional Facility
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
192.210.228.147;Mod Prison 1.6.4
199.187.127.185:25642;LoganatorC
Mc.Spit-Fire.us;GTA minecraft
198.154.120.218;CastleCraft
76.72.172.165:25630;.::.Vanilla Mania .::.
1.konsider.com;Very cool new server! :D
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
mvcraft.es;Mvcraft
bitvegas.net;Bit Vegas
174.71.67.177:52525;Edge of Reality 24/7
198.24.171.34:28211;Warcraft
66.71.250.88;PlatinumCraft
184.95.36.178:49545;Morris Minecraft
play.depthsonline.com;Depths Online
play.survival-games.net;Survival Games
play.depthsonline.com;PvP Server
mc.serocraft.com;SeroCraft Towny/mcMMO Survival
74.63.213.187;StarDrive
vastblocks.com;Vastblocks 
Mc.Kaizen-worlds.net:26094;KaizenWorlds
184.95.42.170:43126;CookieLand
176.31.126.99:25593;BOBBENBOOK
skyblockislands.no-ip.org;Skyblock Islands
MC.TWEETCRAFT.NET;phamchanhung
creativefun.eu;LinkosiaPL
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
198.154.112.221;CraftingNation
mc.chromatic-craft.com;Chromatic Craft
198.154.103.83;pixelmon
69.175.43.14;VoidCraft
192.227.136.83:25665;Infinite Void
play.hub-ex.com;HubEX
Bcraft.etowns.org;Bcraft
50.31.66.52;EezyCraft
206.217.141.22;FinTek !HUGE DP! 24/7
Waffleminecraft.com;Waffle Minecraft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
play-skyblock.com;Lichcraft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
pkingdomcraft.nn.pe:25599;PkingdomCraft 
minecraft.electrobitcity.com;Winter Wastes
87.98.194.120:25865;De- Evolution Sever
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
infernalgaming.org;Infernal Gaming Factions
skyblock.net;Skyblock
TheCaveMC.us;TheCaveMC
85.236.101.90:27965;WoodLand
play.elitecraftmc.org;Elitecraft
nwps.pw;NWPS.pw PvP Survival
bcgames.us;BCgames
87.98.195.44:25965;Skyblock-France
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
pvp.combatcom.de;CombatCom PvP
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
192.210.233.133;NemesisCraft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
DentSurvival.no-ip.org;Dent Survival
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
FraiZCraft.serveminecraft.net;FraiZ Craft Survival Server
mc7.fadehost.com:25775;Angel Sanctuary WCRPG
mc.paxartifex.com:25568;PaxArtfex
az-mc.us;kazzolina
game.moncraft.net;kazzolina
184.95.39.18:25765;Dartcraft
24.5.236.166;-=PrisonRealms=-
play.elitecraftmc.org;Elitecraft
198.55.108.135:25596;Wildcat Survival
play.craftium.net;Craftium
coremc.us;Core
176.31.117.38:25579;HUNGER GAMES!
87.117.246.225;Therapy PVP
Mc.MeanCraft.Org;Official Airship Server
play.sleandercraft.com;sleandercraft.com
elitekitpvp.minecraftserver.co;EliteKitPvP
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
108.166.172.57;SkyyLands
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
Mc.Thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
minecraft.soulzinc.com;NanoCraft
198.154.103.121;ElitePvpGaming
198.24.141.66:25686;BossVille
198.154.112.209;FoxCraft
play.mythquestmc.com;MythQuest
mc.mapeadores.com;Multigames Mapeadores
198.50.189.5;Automine and pvp
Pwing.net;Pwing server
198.50.189.5;Dp at 10 People
kamouzpvp.omgcraft.fr:10379;KamouzPvP
176.31.203.54;Simplecraft
216.245.214.197;SpiderCraft
mc.next-pvp.com;Next pvp
108.170.21.42:25702;Sky-Land-PvP
66.135.59.70:25765;QuadCraft
192.111.142.54;The Blue Eclipse
mc2.survivalxt.com;Survivalxt
play.nydusmc.com;Nydus Network
leagueofraiders.tk;League of Raiders
hub.razzamc.com;RazzaMC Network
mc.goldrushpvp.org;Goldrush PvP
Mc.MeanCraft.Org;Official Airship Server
aowcraft.gameserv.co;Age Of WarCraft
162.213.41.36:25631;DeltaCraft
play.halfbits.com;Halfbits
1.adroition.net;Titan Reach
198.23.247.185;PhoenixCraft
184.95.50.178:35815;DualWeildRealms
24.5.236.166;-=BuildRealms=-
24.5.236.166;PlotRealms
mc.aasmc.net;Action Allstars Network
Jugglekits.net;JuggleKits
PlayMc.mx;Mc-Legends
mc.ratchetcraft.net;RatchetCraft
gingernet.silvagaming.co.uk;Gingercraft
mc.glowstonepvp.com;GloweStone
198.24.170.162:33708;SoulCraft PVP
109.169.12.18;Alderia
Mc.GamingHost.Org;GamingHost
Play.GodPvP.com;GodPvP
FunkyFactions.com;Slime_Craft
mc30.serverminer.com;Minecraft-Survival
72.46.150.99;Prison Life
kitpvp.infinityraids.net;InfiniteMC KitPVP
play.mcbend.net;MCBend Control the 4 Elements
CarrotCraft.mcserver.ws:25661;CarrotCraft
legendarykitpvp.nn.pe:25571;LegendaryKitPvP
play-skyblock.com;Lichcraft
skyblock.net;Skyblock
play.adroition.net;DoWhatEver
play.stegocraft.net;StegoCraft
184.164.140.202:59546;PlumberCraft
192.210.233.157;McStealthCraft
OmegaRealm.com;play.Omegacraft.net
murica-craft.mcpro.co;Murica
pvp.combocraft.net;ComboCraft
cakeforyouminecraft.net;The Cake NetWork
Play.PokePower.com;PokePower
MineDogz.No-ip.Org;MineDogzs Faction Server
PureMc.McPro.co;Pure Mc 
Mc.MeanCraft.Org;Official Airship Server
dw.ophion.cc;Ophion Dwarventure
minecraft.lastpenguin.com;DireRealm MC
PanteraFamily.no-ip.biz;Glowstonecraft Factions
198.24.178.122:35580;MineWizard Server
198.144.181.212:9000;Remnant Empire FTB
82.145.53.117;PokeLegions
198.23.247.185;Phoenix Craft
darkcraftmcpvp.a2g.gs;DarkCraftMcPvP
skywars.com;skywars
mc.zovanetwork.com;StadioNetwork
buddelbude.de;Buddelbude
Mc-Prisonbreak.net:25893;Mc-PrisonBreak
dolancraft.com;DolanCraft Factions
hexmc.nn.pe:25570;HEX MC
play.kalmarcraft.com;KalmarCraft
Play.FuzeMC.net;FuzeMC
192.210.230.213;FallenPvP
fun.ethicraft.net;Ethicraft
play.hazardpvp.net;HazardPVP Factions
mc.droidvengeance.com;DroidVengeance
Mc.MeanCraft.Org;Official Airship Server
Mc.MeanCraft.Org;Official Airship Server
5.9.66.77:25571;Survival Madness
198.23.247.104;ZainCraft
93.91.250.141:27211;Funny-Gamming
23.126.76.65;warpcraft 
Gamer-Realms.com;GAMER-REALMS.COM
198.24.171.114:31941;nightmareland
198.12.125.206;Mobcraft
82.145.58.114;Bloody Survivors
go.playminecraft.org;Medieval Lords
www.kingdomofsamwise.info;Kingdom of Samwise
play.minex-minecraft.com;MineX
goldenskywars.com;GoldenSkyWars
192.210.236.173:25765;Forsaken
play.happypvp.net;HappyPvP
play.dream-pvp.com;Dream PvP
play.tempestcraft.ca;TempestCraft
PLAY.LAVAKINGDOM.COM;Lava Kingdom
mine2craft.no-ip.info;Mine2Craft
108.178.21.27;Universal Raid
185.16.85.24:26165;Benjicraft Survival
69.175.46.241;DazzaCraft
bendingturtle.mcpro.co;BendingTurtle
198.144.179.229;Prison Academy
dutchpvpcraft.minebuild.nl;DutchPVPCraft
Play.dutchmineplayers.nl;Dark Vector
muppetsville.playmc.nl;MuppetsVille
mc-play.no-ip.org;Mcplay
mineverse.com;Minigame
hexmc.nn.pe:25570;HEXAGON GAMING
mc.nova-network.co.uk;CRACKED Nova Network
furycraftpvp.mcserver.ws;FuryCraftPVP
mc.gioboi.com;House of Gioboi
linearcraft.mcserver.ws;LinearCraft
172.245.31.46;survival vanilla
Mc.BrutalFactions.Us;Mc.BrutalFactions.Us
server.kittencraft.net;KittenCraft
184.171.253.217;WealthyCraft
2.konsider.com;Awesome server. Join today
fw.dn-hub.com;DominationPVP
mc.noob-nation.com;(NN) Noob Nation
198.24.167.138;SkilledCraftSurvival
108.170.18.89;EpicSpongeCraft
108.166.172.65;CoolCraft
192.111.141.160;ShadowEra
Game.Lewcraft.Net;LewCraft
185.16.85.42:25865;CarbonCraft Survival
fatiserve.pl;FatiServe
198.245.71.197;Felony Prison
reckcraft.com;ReckCraft Factions Raid  Pvp
pvp.atteron.com;ATTERON
198.204.245.149;Altmora
192.210.230.213;TheFallen
108.166.179.60;KingdomCraft Factions
108.170.25.98;SonoCraft
3.konsider.com;Friendly server with nice community
178.20.170.89:25680;minecussis
184.154.181.183;FrostedCraft
mc-talaria.com;Legends Of Talaria
specialistminigames.mcpro.co;SpecialistMinigames
times-kits.com;TimesKits
Skyblock.co;BigiesCraft
BeerPvP.tk:25752;BeerCraft
s1.hosthorde.com:25717;Dj3strs Pix3lmon (new update)
play.hugcraft.com;Hugcraft
192.227.136.84:25665;Survival Nation
nightmareempire.servegame.com;Nightmare Empire
pierce.vulcanpvp.com;PiercePvP
4.konsider.com;friendly and nice community
factions.JaggedPvP.com;Jagged PvP
s.pokelair.com;PokeLair Survival
108.166.179.60;KingdomCraft
192.111.142.219;FortBane
xincraftpvp.com;XinCraftPvp
play.deadcraft.no;DeadCraft
hc-fc.co;HexaCore Factions
mcwar.de;McWarDeTeam
198.24.170.162:33708;MCHub
198.12.126.185;NoGriefing  WireCraft
23.226.68.208;RubixPvP
mega-craft.com;MegaCraft
play.emeraldprison.net;Emerald Prison | No Lag | 24/7
198.24.166.212;Beetscraft
198.24.164.74:40071;SHIZCrafter
mc.hektropolis.com;Hektropolis
188.165.94.45;Mexican Craft
mcskyblock.com;Skyblock
Distopia.omgcraft.fr;DistopiAdventure
PLAY.VCSERVER.ORG;VoidCraft Servers
193.0.159.161:25604;ColdZone
108.166.172.85;Creative Temper
162.218.116.231;ImpulsePvP
85.131.157.16;Neuland Server
144.76.29.202:25581;Proangelsgaming Flans
kcraft.pl;kcraft
192.227.136.100:25665;TheShielded PvP Factions 24/7
mc-waterslide.net;The Waterslide Network
prison.reborncraft.biz;PrisonRC
185.16.85.37:26465;SurvivalCraft
mc.wrexsmp.com;WrexSMP
mc.aethier.co.uk;Aethier
mc.ionicpvp.org;Join Join Join Join
mc-hg.com;Hunger Games built
jcraftpixelmon.noip.us:25589;Jcraft Pixelmon
mc.ionicpvp.org;Ionic PvP
PrimeTimePvP.gameserv.co;PrimeTimePvP
108.163.193.100;BioBroodGaming
144.76.219.115:25574;Pearcarft PVP FACTIONS MINIGAMES
minecraft-pvpcraft.mcpro.co:47664;PvpCraft Network
198.24.180.218:25675;Cake Craft
cubegaming.mcpro.co:52562;Cube Gaming
terra-australis.net;Terra Australis Australian Server
77.111.202.45;InfinityCraft
andyserver.mine.nu;Andys Server
198.20.126.119;MooCraft
209.105.244.121;Donate Five dollars for op  Co owner
192.111.141.160;ShadowEra
hub.rebelnet.eu;RebelNetwork
198.24.170.162:33708;MCHub
s106.csrv.pl:20257; survival frakcje skyblock 
5.255.85.216:26223;FuryCraft
198.24.134.114;CuboidCrunch Network
82.145.63.139;Mosscraft
198.24.170.138:43069;FishCraft_PvP
prison.gaming-x.net;PrisonX
play.mcspacecraft.nl;Spacecraft
184.95.50.178:35813;HK Craft
144.76.137.39:25594;LFGCraft
Crack.farian.nl;crackfarian
mc.mantle-craft.com;MantleCraft
play.mind-edge.com;MindEdge (SEMI VANILLA)
198.24.162.90;BmailPvP
hub.mineconomy.org;MineConomy  Network
68.233.234.223:25640;The Paradise
5.63.148.220:25593;SiliconCraft
mc.ecocraft.co;Ecocraft
minecraft.dawin.dk;dawin.dk server
178.254.31.211;RT World
buxville.net;Buxville
minemmo.eu;MineMMO
mc.liberty-survival.com;Liberty Survival
mc.dracadia.com;Dracadia
play.amishsmp.com;AmishSMP
198.23.148.109:25665;The Allied Forces of Albatross
hub.cu-mc.com;Crafted Universe 
85.131.157.159;BuildingParadise
hub.bosscraft-network.us;hurger games 1.5.2
184.154.186.52;FactionCraft (Join Now) 1.6.4
server.hollandcraft.nl;Horsecraftnl
78.143.3.240;WhiteLight
server.toro-league.com;Toro League
play.letshangmc.com;The Minecraft Hangout 
s50.hosthorde.com:25590;Dragon Lands
infinityplay.net;InfinityPlay
minecraft-supreme.no-ip.org;MinecraftSupreme
192.99.9.205:25569;Beastzcraft
mcprime.de;McPrime
108.170.41.202;Survival Server
latest.zedwork.co.uk;Zedwork Latest Version Server
172.245.4.184;KrazyPvP
172.245.4.184;Krazy PvP
198.27.82.40:25614;Procraftination
team.suamp.com;SUAMP Teams | Hunger Games
AusBlocks.net;AusBlocks
37.59.200.65:25645;Meartiscraft
184.154.186.52;Faction Craft
xtcraft.com.br;Xtcraft
108.170.15.242;ShadowPvP
198.12.126.190;Eclipse PvP
198.12.126.190;Mighty PvP
198.12.126.190;Creative PvP
MC.TWEETCRAFT.NET;NOPVP.COM
162.213.41.35:25687;Creative PvP
162.213.41.35:25687;Eclipse Factions
162.213.41.35:25687;Eclipse PvP
mc.aranay.net;Aranay Studio Minecraft Server
162.213.41.35:25687;Urban Minecraft
play.vcserver.org;kitpvp
raiderscraft.waltsu.com;Raiderscraft 
play.mc-gcraft.co.uk;Gcraft
arsenalpvp.com;Arsenal PvP
minecraftlegends.us;Minecraft Legends
MC-CENTRAL.NET;Hunger Games
PvP.Wc-Mc.Com;WreckedCrusade PvP|Grief|Raid|Minigames
198.55.108.133:25568;Norwaycraft
minecraft.pt;Comunidade Minecraft Portugal
hub.infinityraids.net;Infinity Raids
mc.novylen.net;Novylen
198.154.112.209;The Nerd Nation Factions
199.96.85.52:25580;Cubed Realms
mc.legendzpvpcraft.us;Legendz PvP Craft
s47.hosthorde.com:25716;Cake Legion
hub.mc-core.com;MC Core
mc.frostyfactions.com;Outburst Designs
109.169.20.14;MCBullion
mc.lawlessmc.com;LawlessMC
play.yitzy101.com;Yitzy101s Prison Server
172.245.34.42;Realmofthesausages
184.95.61.122:47077;Minecussis
thedarkage.nl;The battle for Conwy
mctechnocraft.com;Technocraft
82.145.63.125;MMlCRAFT
188.165.158.172;EduardosingCraft
bestjellycraft.zapto.org;BESTJELLYCRAFT
91.121.85.107:25570;MCUGC SkyBlock SkyGrid Creative Survival
198.49.77.137;Fight Craft
playrog.tk;realms of Grisnard
play.skypiggies.com;Sky Piggies
75.127.11.16;RadintRaid
172.245.34.42;SausagesRealms
69.175.19.237;SimplyFactions
192.198.86.156;SonCraft PvP
Thugcraft.org;ThugCraft
skillzcrafting.ddns.net;SkillzCrafting
soycraft.dyndns-server.com;SoyCraft
play.rootmc.com;newtj599zzzbro
ponytime.us;BILLY1346
184.164.152.186;kushiecraft
play.lichcraft.com;play.lichcraft.com
play.mwcraft.net:25665;Mythical Worlds Craft
mc.pro-gamers.it;UNiCraft
pvpfest.com;pvpfest
RanzTekk.de;RanzTekk
mc.centralpvp.net;CentralMc  SoupPvP  KitPvP  Drugs
66.85.162.146:25628;TheCoveMC
mc.shanmerica.com;DPR of Shanmerica
novakserver.com;NovakServer
71.126.166.172;Espionage PvP
kaoticraft.net;kaoticraft
unlikelyserver.no-ip.biz;UnlikelyServer
Mc.thebeastcraft.co.uk;The Beast Craft
hexmc.nn.pe:25570;Hexmc
herous.zapto.org;Herous 1.0
ELITEKitPvP.minecraftserver.co;ELITE Kit PvP
159.253.69.26;Unicraft
108.170.11.170:25937;ExCraft1.6.4OPEN
5.konsider.com;Very nice awesome server
46.105.131.22;UnKnownBukkit
play.maniacrafting.com;ManiaCrafting
fcservers.com;FcServers Pixelmon  & CustomNpcs
opticcraft.tv;OpTicCraft
85.131.181.214;ProPvP
craftboss.net;The CraftBoss Network
davvemc.zapto.org;DavveMC
chaoscube.dyne.org;chaoscube
mc.equestrianrealm.com;Equestrian Realm
198.24.155.13;toraji
92.240.236.19:25580;ONhost.eu | Public | Survival | Creative
dwcamocraft.mcpro.co;FiveClanNetwork
skyblock.bz;skyblock.bz
108.174.60.13:25665;Project Army
75.127.11.104;Dragonia
instacraft.us;InstaCraft Network
play.tekklite.info;TekkLite
77.111.255.195;Many Nations
MC.ULTIBYTE.NET;ultibyte fan server
mc.tkmasterproductions.eu;mine world
192.99.9.205:25569;BeaztCraft
ftb.bybservers.co.uk;ByB FTB Server
drug-wars.net;Drug Wars 
184.171.253.202;Rising Embers
JcMinigames.zapto.org:25644;Jcraft Minigames
PvP.NeverlandMC.Com;Neverland MC PvP
battlemine.de;BattleMine.de Netzwerk - Cracked
delocura.mcfrag.net:26265;De Locura Server
65.60.15.87;Endurance
198.143.142.92;Phoenix Craft
Toolcraft.mcpro.co:62706;ToolCraft
server.minatoriunti.it;ServerUnti
198.20.98.114;Green Poison Craft
198.50.177.60;PhoenixCraft
join.craftofsurvival.eu;DevilCraft
join.Frozen-Cube.net;Frozen Cube
Mc.RaidHeaven.com;RaidHeaven
mineover.es;MineOver.es
play.paradise-mc.net;ParadiseMC
hybolt.mc-srv.com:25619;HyBolt
JediCraft.no-ip.biz;JediCraft
Eternalendercraft.mcserver.ws;EternalEnderCraft
BlastCraft.Beastnode.net;Blastcraft
82.145.63.139;MossCraft PvP Survival Economy SkyBlock
mc.echo-craft.net:30195;Echo Craft
TheMCMOUTH.ServeGame.Com;The M.O.U.T.H.
pesocraft.sytes.net;PesoCraft
198.24.163.6;SlapHappy Gaming
yellow.rivalingelements.net;RivalingElements Pixelmon Yellow
185.16.85.40:25965;LibertyGaming MC 
198.49.77.212;Eagle Pvp
cfamxvi.mcraft.fi:1;cfamxvi
play.talesofdertinia.com;Tales of Dertinia
teamonster.net;TeaMonster
Foxcraft.co;FoxCraft.co
mc.FadeTech.tk;FadeTech Network
173.208.168.186:25601;SkyHammer MC
209.105.236.222;Achoo0s Fellowship modpack server
play.emtmc.com;EMT
mc.godlike.ro;mc.godlike.ro
209.188.23.66:25670;KizCraft
KitPVP.info;KitPvP 
mc.hexgc.com;HexMcNetwork
85.190.129.67;SkyCraft
78.129.230.81;BeyondBlue.PlayAt.CH 
Mineshake.net;MIneShake Network
play.mineland.org;Mineland
37.187.90.205;Server KGB
185.16.85.40:25965;LibertyGaming MC
46.253.196.219:25765;ZipZop
Spil.FunCraft.dk:25577;FunCraft.dk
78.143.2.90;Darkserver
mc.enduria.net;Enduria
85.236.100.202:28165;Megacraft
upstategaming.mcpro.co;UpstateGaming Server
162.213.209.212;Dragon Block MG
bladecraft.org;BladeCraft.org
play.frostcast.net;POOPMAN
192.111.142.116;LeetLoot.com Anarchy/RPG
108.170.25.121;ClassyPVP
pixelmon.chillax-mc.com;Chillax Pixelmon
hub.smitemc.net;SmiteMC
pickaxe-diamond-hunters.de:88;pickaxediamondhunters
tekkit.sombrerocraft.com;Sombrero Tekkit
s17.hosthorde.com:25678;Bumble Bee Minecraft
R3all1fe.com;R3all1fe
192.210.233.133;NemesisCraft
198.20.98.150;TG CRAFT
192.210.229.42;S.A.S
198.24.166.60;EvolvedCraft
guns.vcfactions.com;MCVenomCraft Guns
play.realmzprison.us;realmzprison 
game.sliw.co;Sliwco Server
188.138.98.88:26865;MineFun.cz
23.126.76.65;A creativecraft server 1.7.2
pvp.rayzrr.com;RayzrrPvP
198.20.126.195;Starcraft
play.mystiannetwork.com;Mystian Network
88.150.223.181;ElfCraft
mc.fsn.tf;FSN Survival and Creative
185.16.85.26:26465;Yce
jouer.madincraft.fr;MadInCRAFT
pixelmasters.org;Pixel Masters
188.165.220.130:25605;MilfsMakers
mc.legendary-realms.org;LegendaryRealms
mc.epiccrafts.co.uk;EpicCrafts
198.143.147.131;GCEA City
69.197.28.10;IlluminatePvP
193.192.58.73:25577;LostinCraft
papocraft.com;Papocraft
mc.akardoo.com;Akardoo
minecraft81.omgserv.com:12730;filsserver
play.chosencraft.com;Hungergames
mc.haydzcraft.com;minefenzy
167.114.101.146:25674;Merch Evolved
pvp.nanopunch.com;Nano Punch
173.208.248.211;Ordania
poke.fireredmc.com;Fire red
ChristianCraftPvP.gameserv.co;Christian Craft PvP
198.24.172.58:25777;Steve PvP
23.226.68.32;Minestuck
198.24.170.170:31640;SwordCraft
mmsmc.us;MorelandCraft
Mc.ChargedMinecraft.Com:25569;ChargedMinecraft
vanilla.matrix-mcservers.com;Matrix Vanilla Server
earthcraft.fi;EarthCraft
198.24.185.18;PotatoCraft
BladeCraft.org;Kilzorg
mecraft.chickenkiller.com;ME Craft
play.multikraft.us;Multikraft
play.xokingdoms.com;XOKingdoms
mc.mobarenas.com;Mob Arenas
pixelmoncraft.com;pixelmoncraft.com
www.chaospvp2.net;Chaospvp2
play.nerdscraft.net;Nerdscraft PVP
198.20.109.206;Minecraftism
209.188.6.211;LegendCraft
198.15.106.114;Jacobandlinkpvp
108.170.3.146:28007;CityLife
198.24.162.98:25623;SonicRaid
oreoserver.noip.me;Oreo - Norsk Minecraft Server
s47.hosthorde.com:25671;TheDevilGames
mc.huntercraft.co;Hunter Craft
mc.godlycraft.net;GodlyCraft Network
198.27.83.111:25579;PeaceCraft
times-kits.com;Times Kits
144.76.217.44:25589;dafcraft
84.200.27.231:25630;GermanMCNetwork v3 Neu Citybuild
77.163.24.8;PrismaCraft
198.154.105.250;Brocraft
Jail.mcraft.so;Confinement Prison
mc.severepvp.net;severepvp
85.236.101.26:27565;Gamerscraft
198.24.162.98:25623;SonicRaid
corvuscraft.com;CorvusCraft
razecraft.gameserv.co;razecraft
85.236.100.118:26265;Yoshi6601
kingdomwars.us.to;Kingdom Wars
mc.hydrapvp.com;SlyCraft
185.16.85.46:25965;Elementcraft
play.ore-mc.com;OreCraft Network
mc.minecraft-romania.ro;Mc Minecraft Romania Ro
208.167.250.105:25605;CSK Clan Survival
69.175.46.59;Mc.Zombies
magma-flare.net;MagmaFlare
198.24.178.179;TheMatrixCraft
108.170.41.194:25638;CoolCraft
mc.warward.org;TrollCraft
plasmasserver.mcpro.co:25768;PlasmasServer
198.27.81.84:25576;Master PVP
potato69.mcserver.us;PotatoPvP
robocraft.hopto.org;RoboCraft
powcraft.com;POW Craft
192.99.149.167:25757;KeepONCrafting - Vanilla with sprinkles
ecp.faxionmc.com;ECPrison
hyliancraft.game.nfoservers.com;HylianCraft
mc.TwistedKits.us;TwistedKits
172.245.34.41;Infamous Empire
172.245.34.178;mccatcraft.com
nickmine.dido.ca;nickmine
corecraftms.mcpro.co;Core CraftMS
togeisles.us;Toge Isles Pixelmon
play.minezoid.com;meepcraft
ghostsurvival.mcpro.co;Ghostsurvival
eternalprison.net;Eternal Prison
go.playminecraft.org;Medieval Lords
agn.mcserver.ws;Aggresives_gaming_network
pvp.haydzcraft.com;Haydzcraft
mc.mineagepvp.com;Mineage
hub.sky-realms.com;Sky Realms Network
198.27.99.79;Alcatraz Prison
play.strongholdcraft.com;Strongholdcraft
PlayMc.mx;Apple_slayer9000
redbow.org;RedBow
milkywaycraft.net;Milky Way Craft
skywars.com;skywars
192.210.236.43:25665;1.1.3 FTB Unleashed  Bukkit
66.85.155.67;First Network
198.24.185.34:25632;SponsorCraft
mc.BeastCraft.net;BeastCraft Skyblock
198.143.142.90;FearPvP
birch-craft.us.to;Birch Craft
thenoxious.com;The Noxious Network
192.111.137.140;Kuro Chi Craft
craft.gazton.se;WOC
ranni.ca;MindCrack for KIDs
prison.vulcanmc.net;VulcanMC Prison
s31.hosthorde.com:25785;MCVORTEX PRISON
tournamentcafe.com:8001;Tournament Cafe
play.dawncraft.org;dawncraft
144.76.218.177:25583;Zucraft
play.craftysurvival.com;Crafty Survival
play.pokemc.com;PokeMC Pixelmon
77.111.201.60;SwordCraft
192.210.228.202;Equinox PvP
hub.sky-mc.net;sky server
192.210.228.119;Ultramon
pvp.daegonner.com;Daegonner PVP
198.49.77.99;CrazzyMon Pixelmon Server
192.227.136.108:25665;BLX PvP Factions
Play.MCBearNation.com;BearNation
74.208.111.206;PrimaCraft
mac.mcph.co;M.A.C. Pixelmon
144.76.219.113:25571;Kronix PvP
50.194.50.89;Jpgamezone
69.175.47.112;Evil Gaming
play.zidane3838.com;Zidane3838 Bukkit
198.24.166.220;Survival Seasons
play.doicraft.com;Doicraft Skyblock
69.25.207.183;Fully Flamed Hexxit
198.50.175.74;ScareCity
mc.web-mbo.com;Qc freebuild
play.webbservermc.com;WebbServer
SimpleSurvivalCraft.mcserver.ws;Simple Survival Craft
198.24.166.58:32082;SWAGALOT
93.114.82.107;Luca Gaming
s303.csrv.pl:18906;TO JEST MINECRAFT
198.49.77.187;PandaPvpSurvival
Prison.vulcanmc.net;VulcanMC Prison
mc.minecraftfailzzz.com;Minecraftfailzzz
84.85.49.16;BuildPlayMC
demicraft.mcpro.co;Demicraft
play.oe-mc.net;Obsidian Edge
212.224.126.116;RailCraft
78.143.4.31;Divranranded
198.143.156.76;NamelessMCGaming
dabbycraft.mcph.co:25738;DabbyCraft
198.24.162.98:27030;BuildWarriors
hub.ecb-mc.net;cod zombies
StoneBrickPrison.com;StoneBrickPrison
play.the10kings.com;The 10 Kings
hub.rebelnet.eu;RebelNetwork
108.60.193.142:26105;HotCocoaCraft
s41.hosthorde.com:25784;RazorPvP
mc.tms.xyz;The Minecraft Server Network
mc.worldofeldin.com;World of Eldin
JetPvP.nn.pe:25569;JetPvP
tychocraft.bukkit.nl;tychocraft
198.20.109.60;Supreme Minecraft
Mac-Man.HopTo.Org:63345;Mac Man
75.127.11.56;1.7.2 MarsPvP Factions
miragepvp.com;Miragepvp
75.127.11.56;Mars PvP
85.151.67.122;WisdomUnit Skyblock
Mc-PvP.org;Mc PvP
games.craftplay.de;Craftplay.de | MiniGames Hub
hostileprison.beastnode.net;Hostile Prison Revamped
mc.cubemania.es;PointGames/Nexo
198.20.109.206;RAVAHNS
198.24.184.204;Axemania
37.59.183.164;tomaso101
hub.sky-mc.net;sky servers
tekkit.wesscraft.net;Wesscraft Tekkit
198.27.99.78;RPGnations
mc.blockbook.net;Block Craft
11thdream.mcserver.ws;11th Dream
198.27.75.61:25598;Minetown
bosscraft.me;Bosscraft
172.245.34.178;TheClans
198.24.181.242:31935;creepcraft
80.243.125.20:26365;EMBREAK
199.188.100.205:25665;PixelCraft Pixelmon Server
Play.GHPrison.com;GreenHaven Prison 1.6.4
nextgendragon.mcservr.com;Kingdom Of Excelsior
pixeLLegends.myvnc.com:25609;PixelLegends
mineverse.com;Mineverse
NavalBattlezone.com:8080;NavalBattlezone.com
play.phanaticmc.com;BRASIL  GAMER BR
mc.RedSpin.net;REDspin MC
falconmc.net;Falconmc Network
play.gotpvp.com;GotPvP Network
162.216.101.156;Survive The Adventure 
mc.ABNORMALRAIDS.com;AbnormalRaids
EliteGamers.fluctis.com:25885;EliteGamers
pvp.extronus.net;Extronus Factions
play.toolscraftmc.com;Tools_Craft
minecraft.binarydeli.com;Binary Deli
94.23.227.183:25575;reepcraft
mineverse.com;mineverse
enpvp.net;Eternal Nexus
5.9.62.100;The Cruel World
play.narconpvp.com;Narconpvp
www.caballocraft.de;CaballoCraft
clashpvp.net;ClashPvP
play.frostcast.net;frostcraft
mc.olerocraft.com;OleroCraft
77.111.193.110;Squatch Craft
blockcityjail.com;blockcityjail
blockcityjail.com;blockcityjail
clashpvp.net;ClashPvP Factions PvP Server
arsenalpvp.com;Arsenal PvP
pvp.frustra.org;MyCraft PvP
198.49.66.119;FairyTailCraft
95.141.37.78;MineTia
pvp.pitforge.com;Pitforge
172.245.208.131;Godz
play.thrivemc.org;ThriveMC Creative
server.proyecto40.net;Proyecto40
65.60.13.70;Ultimate X Prison
185.16.85.48:25765;Kens world
198.27.80.116:25567;SkyScape
185.4.149.42:25570;CroCraft
Play.SinisterCraft.Com;SinisterCraft
209.105.238.40;NightPvp
172.245.25.230;DrugWars 1.6.4 PvP Drugs
198.27.83.111:25579;PeaceCraft
s.TheStance.net;TheStance
EnderCraftMC.beastnode.net;EnderCraftMC
209.212.146.41:28865;SpoonKraft
198.20.179.139;Exotic Prison
crimsonmc.net;CrimsonMC
77.111.200.196;Time4Battle
mc.mucosmos.nl;mucosmos.nl Kookskolen
mc.dw.gs;DigitalWarriors MC
viburnum.missinglynx.net;Viburnum
mc.pride-craft.com;Pride craft
mc.kingkraft.net;KingKraft
185.16.84.27:25665;FalconCraft PVP
198.154.112.188;difinitycraft
mc.ratio.lv;mc RATIO lv
sc18.servercraft.co:14050;zingo7726
37.157.251.55;FTB LiteCraft  FTB Lite Server
185.28.189.162;Firecraft Reloaded
mc.el-imperio.net:3030;El Imperio
75.127.13.138;Faction PvP
play.modernskyblock.net;Modern Skyblock
198.143.142.103;Althea
mcamusement.com;MCAmusement With Disney World
mc.emeraldminecraft.com;Emerald Gaming
play.strongholdcraft.com;200304633973/
skywars.com;skywars
up.projectfrosty.net;Project Frosty l Survival
mc.KingdomsCity.com;KingdomsCity
Ccros44SMP.com;Ccros44 SMP
108.174.59.35;Basecraft
64.237.40.195;Origins PvP
dabbycraft.mc-srv.com:25738;DabbyCraft
play.caverse.com;Caverse
illumination-mc.com;IllumiNation
nivalacraft.waltsu.net:25677;NivalaCraft
piraterevenge.servegame.com;Pirates Revenge
184.154.96.206;SinisterRealms Prison
199.188.100.222:25665;Armageddon Survival
prison.nozenpvp.net;NoZenPrison
server.civitas-minecraft.de;Civitas
WitherNetwork.ws;Wither Network
pvp.civitas-minecraft.de;Civitas PVP
172.245.34.13;SkittleSkills
dakartex.nn.pe:25607;Dakartex 24/7  NO LAG SURVIVAL
aliencraft.mcpro.co;AlienCraft
mc.slabcraft.net;Slabcraft
184.95.42.202:25591;Freedom Server All Op
192.210.230.175;Tutfly FactionsPVP
mc.genesiseffectmc.com;The Genesis Effect
184.164.151.82:25964;McCentral
198.24.170.170:25601;Skyblocks
hub.theparkmc.com;TheParkMC
play.arkhamnetwork.org;ArkhamNetwork
play.unstoppable-pvp.com;unstoppablepvp
82.145.63.116;Swedish Combocraft
buildablock.mcph.co;Build A Block Craft
ranni.ca;network mc
mc.loopitech.com;Loopitech
173.14.30.25;OblivionCraft
198.23.247.55;thedarknesss205 server
144.76.118.16:25581;HammerCraft
play.xethonhub.com;Xethon
play.kickassadventures.net;Kick Ass Adventures
9.konsider.com;Awesome server. Join today.
108.60.206.201;Adelaide Lightning
oldcraft.nl;Oldcraft.nl
87.98.194.191:25965;World of Farala
87.98.133.123:25586;CreatureCraft
KampfCraft.minecraft.to;KampfCraft
172.245.31.104;8 Bit Minecraft
mc.franga2000.com;FrangaCraft SLO/EN
mc.left4craft.net;Left4Craft Small Community
199.241.138.104:28084;BoshCraft
198.143.140.229;jazziebots
198.24.185.74:46481;Ethereal Realm
208.115.245.203;NewCityCraft
23.226.68.17;DemonNation
216.172.101.147;Middlemonsters MoonQuest
mc.clashcrafters.com:25585;Clash of Crafters
play.pilzbros.com:25643;PilzBros
mc.specialcrafting.com;SpecialCrafting
192.210.233.157;McStealthCraft
play.streammc.us;The Stream
198.15.106.114;UtterPvP
play.siege-pvp.com;SiegePVP
mc.fizzpvp.com;FizzPvP
JuegosDelHambre.DeadPlayers.Es;Los Juegos del Hambre Oficiales (ESP)
mcsavagenation.com;SavageNation
95.141.32.150:25566;JamRock
mc.viraltechgaming.com;ViralTechGaming
198.144.183.116:25665;Disbrow Craft
claytoniarpg.servegame.org:25625;Claytonia
64.31.51.231;Waffles Gaming
198.143.157.28;PvPOutBreak
198.24.185.34;JailBreak
nikocraft.com:25585;Nikocraft
opprison.rustycraft.net;RustyCraft OP-Prison
ubitex.mcpro.co:43122;Nexus Minecraft
hub.generalmelons.co.uk;GeneralMelons
McRedTower.dynns.com:25571;McRedTower
play.narconpvp.com;VoltzMC Hub
mc.raidgasm.net;RaidGasm
SMP.tundracraft.net;Tundracraft SMP
82.145.61.182;MegaCraft Survival
184.95.39.170;Aspect Survival
198.20.126.203;MiniTrixter
209.188.12.202:59043;CreeperCraft
Anarchypvp.no-ip.org;AnarchyPvp
cr.mc-ke.com;Kingdom Eternal (Survival Edition)
minesiegepvp.com;MineSiegePvP
craftbest.pl;CraftBest
J31YNation.com;J31YNation
108.170.15.242:29179;Cereal Craft
184.171.253.220;HostilityPrizon
play.blackfirepvp.org;Blackfire PvP
8.konsider.com;Nice friendly server
Glowstonepvp.com;GlowstonePVP.com
minecraft.drewper.com;DrewperCraft
198.24.178.122:36080;EvolutionPvP
theshed.me;The Shed
198.143.150.11;GAQ_SERVER
skyblock.bz;skyblock
server.skykraft.de;SkyKraft   
152.111.192.245:25865;RageCraft
87.117.249.195;PistonPvP
198.27.67.200;AuV2 Minecraft Server
twd.GummyCraft.net;Minecraft Walking Dead by GummyCraft
demonicrealms.net;DemonicRealms
mc.tkmasterproductions.eu;Mineworld
play.skyturtle.us;SkyTurte  Survival Games
Play.Gottacraftemall.com;GottaCraftEmAll
thewar100.minecraft.to;The War 100
77.111.236.234;Velesia
emenbeesmp.com;Emenbees
play.frostedpvp.com;Frosted PVP
209.105.236.138;Ender PvP
mc.lockedcraft.com;dino123
mc.dcrafters.pl;dCrafters.pl
thedarkage.nl;darkage
mc.epsidel.net;Maineia
108.170.18.84;Minecraft Prison
198.12.65.24:25665;EnviroCraft
play.team-craft.us;Team-Craft Networks
192.3.105.77;AgawainCraft Creative and Survival
7.konsider.com;Awesome friendly server
clashofmagic.org;Clash of Magic
198.143.156.78;StriderCraft
mc.simplyfactions.com;SimplyFactions
184.171.249.209;PieCraft
brutalfactions.net;Brutal Factions
play.aminebits.com;AMineBits
130.180.201.229:33410;RocketPVP
pvpcorporation.com;PvPCorporation
play.platinumcraft.net;PlatinumCraft
sp-mc.net;faction server
mc-sc.us;Social Craft
ulmera.noip.me;ulmera
mc.boucraft.net;BouCraft
184.164.152.170:49051;GreyCraft
CB-HUB.com;shelton
play.mcbawz.com;MCBawz
mikehalo371.aternos.me:42831;Enjin Light
198.143.135.238;CenturionPvP
skywars.com;skywars
198.24.143.178:31865;WillowCraft
craft-vision.game-host.org;Craft Vision 2
mc.zambies.net;Zambies (Zombies Survival)
198.49.66.93;Medieval Craft
185.16.85.45:25665;JamUK
minebattle.com;MineBattle
jogar.mithcraft.com;MithCraft
72.46.153.132;AwakenCraft
88.150.155.114;Rkgcraft
PhoenixNetwork.nn.pe:25573;PhoenixNetwork
teamminer.nn.pe:25597;TeamMiner KitPvP/PvP
71.207.215.55;HungryCraft
198.24.128.234;Ultimate Engaged Craft
pvp.alfcraft.org;ALFCraft
192.227.136.84:25665;EndsCraft
mc.mrgocanes.com;Eden Universe 
Mc.InfiniteHeros.Org;InfiniteHeros | Shops | 24/7/365 | Hub
mc.finalencounter.net;Final Encounters MC
mc-em.com;Emenbee Realms
173.236.85.243;FwendlyCraft
n8.csrv.pl:14367;Kubcraft
captainscraft.nn.pe:25600;CaptainCraft
mc.kitbiome.com;BiomePVP
endercraftmc.beastnode.net;Endercraft
74.76.51.166;ONDMA
mc.railbait.net;Railbait.Net
intensepvp.com;TheBrovsky
crypticchaos.ca;CRYPTIC CHAOS FACTIONS PVP
mc.dancraft.net;DansTooGood
123pvp.com;123pvp.com
192.111.132.116;Future Craft
50.142.22.50;HappyCraft Hub (24/7)
mc.tds.survivalcraft.mcpro.co:26038;Survival Craft
198.24.134.98:43221;Creeper Raid
176.31.207.137;Indigomontoya
pow.us.to;PowderCraft
130.204.205.111;Greek Gaming United
play.rcraft.eu;rCraft.eu | Survival/Creative/Games | EU
play.HadesPortal.com;Hades Portal
Craftfirsteu.minecraft.to;Craftfirst
142.4.222.222;SwatMines
minecraft.b3hosting.us;Drug1nc
play.dlccraft.net;DLCCraft
server.minecraftubers.com;MinecrafTubers
chewmacca.servegame.com;Chews server
mc-falconcraft.com;FalconCraft
hossfactions.com;HossFactions
192.99.193.212;Macrocosm
mc.powereclipse.com;PowerEclipse Plots
Mc.tweetcraft.net;tweetcraft
slipgate.n9x.org;SLIPGATE
SLMC.in;ShadowlandsMC
zocraft.fadehosts.com;Zocraft
77.111.192.161;Dragon_Craft
108.170.22.58:27773;Ewancraft
185.28.188.163:59843;ClearSkies
198.20.104.136;The SunkN Norwegian
69.197.28.10;WOC
prison.techge3ks.com;prison.techge3ks.com
206.217.129.115:25665;Crafted Cubes
theloveoflinux.com:2230;The Love of Linux Server
184.171.168.106;Survivalcraft
Chaoticcraft.com;Chaoticcraft
mc.cybercraft.org;Cybercraft Minecraft Brasil
87.117.253.161;Mineshaft Monster 
play.chrome-craft.com;Chromecraft
209.188.2.67;Chrome Craft Faction PvP
frizzlee.no-ip.info;Fizzlen
184.95.39.18;Rateds Royal Realm
mc.desync.co.uk;deSync PVP
198.24.174.101;Majesty Craft
Play.TurtleCNation.us;TurtleNationMc
184.164.74.4;RedcraftFactions
77.111.199.178;Regnumcraft
pvp.godsemblem.com;Gods Emblem
108.170.18.10:25735;Mafia Minecraft
nesscraft.com;NessCraft
mc.smitepvp.net;SmitePvP
23.226.68.4;Unforgivable PvP
tyroden.dyndns.org;Mineverquest
SuperGames.aternos.me;Super Games
play.sciscape.us;SciScape
skyblock.BeastCraft.net;BeastCraft
144.76.176.48:25570;NSWD SKYBLOCK
184.95.57.34:43064;Djpj95Craft
198.50.140.32:25568;ObossCraft
DomoCraftPrison.nn.pe:25585;DomoCraft
5.39.66.162:22058;TOPCraft.pl FreeBuild  Survival
mc.prostorm.pl;Prostorm
axemania.mcpro.co;Axemania PvP
play.blissmc.com;BlissMC
play.prisonescape.us;PrisonEscape
108.170.41.138;Derp Craft
mc.savageprison.org;SavagePrisonMC
FrostBite.nn.pe:25570;FrostbitePvP
192.110.161.39;SkyCrack
play.derpglitch.com;DerpGlitch
toxicprison.me;ToxicPrison
sasha.sector-alpha.net:25567;Sector Alpha Arena Network
mlx2.net;HiRez Jail Server
27.50.70.13:25665;XOTEKCRAFT HARDCORE PVP MINIGAMES
ARS-MC.COM;ARCTIC REALMS
185.16.85.46:26665;Mmm
diamondcreeper.everpvp.dk;Diamond Creeper
24.178.120.162;NoReg.co Minecraft Server
play.webbservermc.com;WebbserverTimecraft
172.245.34.178;Zombie Survival
69.175.55.55;WinterPVP
192.99.44.123:26538;Ultimate Crafting
penouse.mcpro.co:29168;PenouseCraft
192.210.148.200:25570;ValidusG
185.28.189.81;MCBacon
fatalitypvp.net;FatalityPrison
emenbeesmp.com;emenbees
mcraft.dk;mcraft.dk
198.27.67.200;Smp Craft 
xmining.mc-hoster.com;XMining Premium
ccraft.de:25000;cCraft Amplified
198.143.138.163;Bone Craft
108.170.41.138;NextGenPvP
mcnopvpcraft.com;nopvpcraft
144.76.219.107:25586;DemonicPvP
drc.ms;DRC Network
209.105.236.195;NEED STAFF NEED ADVERTIZERS
mc.blockbyblock.tv;Block by Block TV
play.enderkingdom.com;EnderKingdom
PanteraFamily.no-ip.biz;Glowstone Hub Fac Creative HG SB
mc.mxmadman.com:26013;Madman Gamings Minecraft Server
irongaming.mcpro.co;Iron Gaming
mc.cavaliersofvirtue.com;Cavaliers of Virtue
mc.cubebuilders.net;CubeBuilders
ecraft.mooo.com;ECraft
mc.oblivionent.com;Oblivicraft Network
198.24.134.122;GGFactions
87.98.195.83:26065;Yellowcraft
s50.hosthorde.com:25590;dragon
epicraft.sourlemon.net;Epicraft
184.95.53.210:62685;dragoncraft
emenbeesmp.com;Emen
192.210.229.46;Poisonous Prison
kcraft.dns1.us;KCraft Factions MCMMO
mc.daguerro.net;Daguerro Towny
mc.civilrealms.net;Civil Realms
mcelement.net;McElement Network
play.stormnetwork.eu;StormNetwork Factions Prison Kit PvP
kaizercraft.no-ip.org;KaizerCraft
mc.exgm.org;HuyCraft
144.76.176.48:25588;TNT Active
lobby.mc-pl.net;MinecraftPolska.net
108.170.41.138;RandomPvP
galaxym.mcpro.co;GalaxyM
dynamiccraft.us;DynamicCraft
srv28.minecraft-mania.fr:28103;WestingCraft
minecrack.gameserv.co;Minecrack US
198.20.96.100;Mazacar Prison 
198.24.139.170:25848;Block City Prison Server
192.111.132.116;FutureCraft
play.itsjerryandharry.com;lol
QuanticPVP.factions.ws;QuanticPVP
144.76.176.48:25588;TNT Active
ns3.mphost.org;EmberCraft Network
mc.revolutionservers.net;Revolution Craft
play.vortexcraftgaming.com;VCNetworksMC
192.210.236.36;Valuecraft
scav.tv;sammyjammy30
wantedpvp.net;sammyjammy30
mc.sarc.biz;Sarcacraft
5.9.147.131:25580;Real IP barbariancraft.co.uk
funny.cl;Funny.cl
narcoticmc.net;Narcotic
mc.buildtosurvive.net;Build to survive
blockcityjail.com;block city jail
jezzcraft.nn.pe:25575;JezzCraft
198.24.170.162:33771;SpaxCraft
zbk.mcph.co:25606;zCraft
play.blockrealms.net;Blockrealms
192.111.128.204;GalaxyPvP
Shaftcraft.beastnode.net;Shaftcraft
GravityCraft.us.to:25925;GravityCraft
play-factions.com;lichcraft
skycube.us;Skycube
198.49.66.113;AlphaCraft_Factions
198.24.178.170:43257;ThrenodyCraft
198.143.150.17;Challcraft
192.210.232.78;MineForFreedom
tekville.thetekninja.com;TekVille
198.24.166.58:43284;ExileCraft
85.190.161.253;Blackhand
Narcoticmc.net;NarcoticMc
kingdomwars.us.to;KingdomWars
notminecraft.zapto.org;NotMinecraft
PugthekidDM.aternos.me;PuggyCraft
184.154.195.202:25605;TechCraft 
phoenixnetwork.nn.pe:25573;LOOKING FOR STAFF PhoenixNetwork 
66.85.148.226:48246;UltimatePVP
162.213.41.36:25631;Delta Realms
server.kaise123.com;KaiseCraft v2
75.127.11.135;HyperGames Factions
dgn.mc-srv.com;Diverse Gaming Network
mc.skywarz.net;mc.SkyWarz.Net
mc.enderprison.org;Ender Prison
209.105.229.154;DeadZ A Guns Server
212.1.213.9;Aussie Craft
119.252.190.89;Rekless Factions
76.74.156.71:30765;Promethia RP
mc.nexphominecraft.com;Nexpho
play.fatemc.net;FateCraft
play.wynncraft.com;Wynncraft
tnapvp.beastnode.net;Noob Adventures Factions/PvP Server
198.20.104.141;CripTCraft
24.214.137.179;Craft a World
vengermc.com;Venger Craft Network
mc16.twisted.cat;New Server Twisted Direwolf20
37.187.88.25;Twisted Hub Hexxit Direwolf20 SkyBlocks
caspercraft.com;AxeCraft
mc.CaveMiners.com;CaveMiners
voozix.no-ip.org;Voozix
redwallserver.somagames.com:25638;Abbeycraft The Official Redwall Server
198.24.171.106:25854;Hawks Craft
vsn.pw;VSN.PW
mc.the3worlds.com;The 3 Worlds
MC.DIAMPVP.COM;DiamondPVP
CloudMC.us;CloudMC
198.27.79.248;WitherStormNetwork
knightcraft.nn.pe:25595;Knight Craft
85.131.204.190;HighSkyCraft
mc.vire.ca;Vire
176.31.126.99:25586;The Trio Of Thrones
mc.sumeriancraft.com;SumerianCraft
mc.wubcraft.com;Wubcraft
jfs.dyndns.org;Endercraft
s31.hosthorde.com:25586;DragonCraft
prison.TechGE3Ks.com;PrisonTech
mc.realms.cc;Apple Realms
minecraftserver.com;tp.craft.sytes.net
mc.firepvp.com;FirePvP Reborn
play.thestonepubmc.com;The Stone Pub
odysseypvp.org;OdysseyPvP
193.84.64.31;A Server Minecraft
mc.servermc.eu;Minecraft server for European players
185.16.84.47:25865;Zatoxcraft Survival Server
craftdiggers.g.nfoservers.com;CraftDiggers
cubeville.org;Cubeville
familyminecraft.us;FamilyMinecraft
greathavilland.nn.pe:25588;Great Havilland
pixpler.com;Pixpler
play.shamblescraft.com;The Shambles
play.reapermc.net;Reaper MC
mc.vire.ca;Vire
198.24.175.66:26036;Derpniverse
oceanicbending.com;Oceanic Bending
198.178.124.117:25665;BattleCraft
0cool.org;0cool.org
192.210.229.52;CreeperCraft
mc.colonizingkapita.com;Colonizing Kapita
UnitedMinerz.com;UnitedMinerz
185.16.85.51;FreshCraft
198.20.179.73;Emerald Empire
184.171.251.68;Dark Legion Gaming
mcskyblocks.net;mcskyblocks.net
mc.asdfcraft.com;asdfcraft | Modsauce
184.164.135.125;Land of Ancients
5.159.230.232:25568;Jbobs server
ProjectBlocks.aternos.me;Project Blocks
50.201.201.27;Noobhatts Legions of adventure 
s31.hosthorde.com:25735;AkuraCraft
caspercraft.com;AxeCraft
8.17.252.116:25765;MineTime
play.MediaBlock.es;MediaBlock
pvp.bbgcraft.com;BBGCraft
server.mentalminecraft.net;Mental Minecraft Server
Minergalaxy.mcserver.ws;MinerGalaxy
CraftRealm.org;CraftRealm
108.178.60.30;Bonsaicraft
198.143.150.107;GoldenPvP
mc.zepadon.com;Zepadon Network
TownCrafty.eu;TownCrafty Towny
mc.craftcloud.org;CraftCloud
grv.hosthorde.net:25734;Gold Rush Village
playvc.me;VoidCraft  Servers
ExoPlex.co:25816; ExoticPvP  Factions  mcMMO
planet.rat.a2g.gs;Planet Rat
mc.MajestyCraft.net;MajestyCraft
185.28.189.138:25607;The ARC
ZA.mcserver.ws;MineZ
pvp.daegonner.com;daegonner
108.170.3.178:34555;GriefGame
78.46.43.133:25581;DuckCraft
walkingdead.aerisgaming.com;The Walking Dead
CenturyPrison.net;Century Prison
173.236.85.126;Final Factions
162.213.42.184:25567;ElectroCraft
mc.hub-gaming.com;Hub Gaming Factions Server 24/7
198.24.175.45;CanadaCraft
mc.jwprojects.nl;MiniMinecraft
144.76.219.106:25598;RammaCraft
169.249.170.51:25606;United Kingdoms
mc.bizcraft.me;BizCraft
mcarenas.mcfrag.net;McArenas Faction/Creative/HungerGames
88.150.244.213;NeonCraft
Skyblock.Tv;Skyblock
216.246.49.149:25575;BEDROCK KITS
polaris.hosthorde.net;Polaris
37.187.25.76:27110;Alphacraft
play.cityscapers.net;Cityscapers 
MC.Flex-Craft.net;FlexCraft
Se010YT.aternos.me;Bloger Craft Latino
dakartex.nn.pe:25607;Dakartex Survival
minecraft.trickytigo.com;TigoPVP
184.95.39.130:25599;BearCraft
electricnetwork.net;Electric Prison
184.95.50.146;The MC Guardians Realms
23.235.232.89:52553;BlackTiger Survival
planet.rat.a2g.gs;Planet Rat
mc.cloudcrux.net;Cloudcrux Network
195.154.167.95;FableCraft
play.sheepcraft.nl;SheepCraft Network
76.164.236.42:25582;Crimson Realms
bnbserver.mcpickle.com;BnBserver
wittymoniker.com;WittyMoniker.com 24/7 Survival
mc.emenbeesmp.com;Emenbee Realms
play.enigmapvp.net;EnigmaPVP
DayZUniverse.nn.pe:25585;DayZ Universe - Dont use port
s27.hosthorde.com:25726;mrcoolgiis epic server
mc.regiusraids.com;RegiusRaids
198.136.52.206;Wolves Revenge
123PVP.com;LP craft
69.25.207.198:25567;TimberWolfGaming
Play.RegnumCraftMC.com;RegnumCraft Server
cnetwork.no-ip.biz;Combat Network
MC.MinersNation.de;MinersNation.de
acecraft.mcpro.co;AceCraft
198.24.175.66:35800;ravencraft
ClassicTekk.nn.pe;ClassicTekk
jcc0450.aternos.me;Zombie Apocalypse Roleplay
88.150.136.90;Milkywaycraft
23.250.9.10:25569;Asturia
empirecraft.biz;EmpireCraft
208.115.247.176;Imagination Empire
su.kgxrealms.net;KGX Realms Survival
185.28.189.242:25764;198Craft
gc2.pl;GC2 Polska
play.mcdip.net;Dropped in Prison Minecraft Server
mc.infernosparks.com;InfernoSparks
play.turtlecnation.us;Turtle Nation
96.127.131.91;Terrabellum
pierealms.beastnode.net;Minecraft server
78.143.30.253;CrystalCraft
23.235.224.50:25580;LegacyPvP
184.95.35.195;BrokenBlock
198.15.94.26:25627;NinjaCraft
mc.void-pvp.net;Void PvP
minecraft.etagcbp.com;minecraft.etagcbp.com
23.226.69.76;Major League Craft
play.krunchykraft.com;KrunchyKraft Network
monarchcraft.factions.ws;Monarch Craft
s42.hosthorde.com:25763;RedLancer Craft
McZombies.org;MCCodZombies
77.111.196.134;Archipvp
VidmasterGamer.aternos.me;MindCraft
Phosphorea.mcpro.co:25605;Phosphorea Vanilla
mc.block-miner.net;United Network
mc.mythicacraft.com;MythicaCraft
paradexpvp.com;ParadexPVP
dark-matter.me;Dark Matter
play.digitalcraftingonline.com;Digital Crafting Online
covemc.com;Cove Factions
pvp.SirBannedAlot.com:25595;Sir BannedAlot
play.yourmc.net;YourMC
pvp.mcminez.com;McMInez
198.20.110.172;iLive
77.111.199.17;Tyrannus
planet.rat.a2g.gs;Planet Rat
198.154.103.82;GokuCraft
keekz.mcserver.ws;KEEKZ Minecraft Server
77.111.207.229;BuxyCraft
covemc.com;The Cove Network
darkrealm.us.to;Dark Realm
MasterCraftGS.fluctis.com;Mastercraft
ns3.sasnet.eu;sasnet
108.170.40.244;ExtadriumHub
mc.fireteamclan.com;Fire Team Clan 24/7 Official
66.85.181.26:25674;LlampacaCraft
198.24.175.58:25802;VetchCraft
PvP.RaidingFactions.us;RaidingFactions
198.55.108.135:25624;SteamingLoaf
redzonecraft.net;RedzoneCraft
PrisonWar.us;Prison War
75.127.11.149;Anarchy Mayhem
mc.haxircraft.com;HaxirCraft
mc.cloud-zone.com;Cloud Zone
72.249.124.185:25665;Just Surviving
mineapoc.com;Apocalypse
198.24.168.228;Cryptwise
Butter-Craft.net;ButterCraftMC
xecutionprison.mcserver.ws;Xecution Prison
mc.lavagaming.uk;LavaGaming Network
108.170.3.146:28272;TrueMinecraft
77.111.200.179;LegendMC
play.simpleprison.com;SimplePrison
NOOBCRAFT.net;AnimeAngel64
184.95.34.98:26013;Pokelantis
207.251.220.154;12craft
juegosdelhambre.deadplayers.es;minedead
play.nova-mc.net;Nova Craft
85.236.101.19:26665;Official Mavericks
zombiesurvivalmc.ddns.net:25567;Apocalypse Survival RPG 24/7
199.188.101.121;FTW PVP
198.24.166.246;Super pvp 
play.minetheft.com;MineTheft Prison
play.playcadia.net;Playcadia
Cyberkits.net;Cyberkits
192.210.230.137;RangerCraft
kadfactions.us;KAD Crew Factions
mcsurvival.goombaloon.com;Goombaloon Survival Server
s48.hosthorde.com:25752;brixcraft
mc.bakershaven.info;Bakers Haven
185.38.148.44:25607;Mooshroom Paradise
GammaMC.net;GammaMC Network
play.stainmc.com;StainMC
mc.unknownmc.net;UnknownMC
arcadiarp.beastnode.net;ArcadiaRP
allop.chickenkiller.com;ALLOPCraft
207.172.223.93;Terbia
MC.DANCRAFT.NET;janecraft
hope.fluctis.com:25813;StreamNet
85.131.155.78;Mineapolis
199.188.101.121;FTW Pvp
creative-mc.com;Dead Set Creative
mc.ReachKraft.com;ReachKraft pvp
96.8.119.227:25865;Cosmic Gaming Server
play.meloncraftuk.nn.pe:25609;MelonCraft UK
lozjail.us.to;LoZJail
mc.baronsofbullshit.com;Brarons of Bullshit
mcserver.cartman-2000.net;Cartman2000s Minecraft Server
184.164.72.9;Killercrafters
pvp.fatalitymc.com;Fatality Factions
mc.hcserver.com;minecraft server
198.49.77.133;MetaMC
mc-dg.com;Daedric Gaming
n8.csrv.pl:16474;McTheWars
5.135.124.49;EliteCraftPT
nemesisprison.mcpro.co;Nemesis Prison
198.49.77.126;Age of Benders
192.210.148.227:25575;Kingdom of Etindra
192.210.234.62:25665;Storm Gaming
198.143.157.83;Olympian Factions
mclol.net:25597;ZombieZone The New MineZ 
mc.oldscraft.com;Oldscraft
lockycraft.fr;lockycraft
199.38.85.106;Slime Network
dorfmine.com;Dorfmine
mc.val-gaming.com;Valantia
join.node4.eu;NODE4
s43.hosthorde.com:25595;McOnslaught
minecraft.geojen.net;minecraft.geojen.net
mc.froise.net;FroiseMC
mc.apexnetwork.org;Apex Network
198.143.138.163;WinterRPG
mc-ww.us;WitherWorld
66.225.195.99;HugoPvP
moderncraft.gamename.net:25738;ModernCraft 
198.23.247.12;Aquarius Craft
ispiracraft.com;IspiraCraft
play.astrorealms.org;AstroRealms
198.143.140.81;RaveCraft
46.253.196.106:25865;Spooky Crafty
mc.demoncraft.biz;DemonCraft
66.85.162.34:43396;TranquilityMC
minebite.net;Minebite Hub
pixel.nitrado.net;Pixel Gaming
192.3.106.70;Deme Craft
hcraids.com;HCRaids
play.zombie-craft.com;Zombie Craft
pvp.fearsomefactions.com;Gabe
192.95.48.115;RewindCraft
play.narconpvp.com;Narcon PvP
206.217.129.120:25765;Huggercraft
mc.elstringer.net;Elstringer company
realfuncraft.tk;RealFunCraft
94.23.227.183:25583;Foolcraft
pb.beastnode.net;pbcraft
play.klapharkserver.nl;KlapHark Server
50.23.129.98:27265;SafeHaven
StatRaid.com;StatRaid
ampersandmc.com;Ampersand
mc.pridecraft.org;PrideCraft
essenceofcreatures.hopto.org;Essence of the Creatures
play.elitegamesmc.com;Elite Games Network
mc.year4000.net;Year4000
85.131.248.210;PowerCraft101
play.afjmcservers.com;AFJ MC
dragoncraft.beastmc.com;dragoncraft
deathcab.mcserver.ws;Deathcab
23.235.232.109:25604;BattleMC
78.46.43.133:25569;CakeCraft
78.46.106.132:25591;Subcraft. DK
mc1.minetactic.com;MineTactic
144.76.223.232:25684;BeastCraft
HSATO.ole32.com:25561;HSATO
mc.shatteredmines.com;CriticalMC
SanityPrison.com;Sanity Prison
46.228.195.141;PVP Hoelle
mc.pvptm.com;pvptm
185.16.84.43:25665;blackions
mc.pvptm.com;PvPTM
192.210.238.82:26565;FreedomCraft
PurePvP.ca;PurePvP 
mc.hcserver.com;HCServer
206.248.184.182;Best City
Starkaleo.net;StarkaleoPrison
sikfactions.mcpro.co;SIKFactions
46.4.90.169:25589;MineWorld
mc.atmony.com;atmony
kitpvp.serverminer.com;Bow and Arrow
mc.crafting.tk:25567;Mc Hybrid HUB
mc.prisontime.net;Prison Time
play.hotblockmc.com;HotBlockMC
modfaction.mcpro.co:26172;Mod Faction
bandcraft.summertimedropouts.com;Official Summertime Dropouts Server
creative.0cool.org;0cool Creative
monarchcraft.factions.ws;MonarchCraft
play.eternalpvp.net;Eternal PvP
67.212.180.42;Maughoncraft Towny PvP
162.221.192.171;Wilber Craft | Multi Server
46.4.90.169:25574;CreeperGames
198.143.139.21;Stonetown Server
n9.csrv.pl:11628;Craft4Life
198.143.150.125;Voxel Dream
5.152.199.138:25682;AfterCraft
craftwalls.mcpro.co:43467;CraftWalls
Eternalpvp.mcserver.ws;MrBeast196
108.170.3.146:28007;Dragon Craft
mc8.spillvert.no:25615;GoldPixel
75.177.73.31;CRACKED MilkBukkit
HUMPCRAFT.com;HUMPCRAFT
mc.pvptm.com;PvPTM
198.143.142.190;Evian SemiVanilla
mc.cs3army.com;Official CS3Army Server
minecraft.myit.com;AgonyCraft
198.23.247.123;EpiccCraft
craft-gang.net;CraftGang
23.226.68.19;LegendaryRaze
zatcast.servegame.com:54326;Zatcast Hogwarts RP Server
184.164.74.7;HydraMcNetwork HUB
213.133.111.73:25589;UnderCraft
IceyPvP.nn.pe:25602;Icey PvP
IceyPvP.nn.pe:25602;Icey PvP
pvpfantasy.no-ip.org;Fantasy Craft
IceyPvP.nn.pe:25602;IceyPvP
77.111.243.167;GreekEmperors
mc.Extr3meMC.com;Extr3meMC
72.20.52.4:25636;IstraCraft
23.235.226.242:25616;SyburiousCraft
192.99.12.100:25567;World of Mitica
mc-dg.com;DaedricNetworks
PanteraFamily.no-ip.biz;Glowstonecraft Hub
198.24.167.170:25899;woof craft
smcserver.eu;SMC Server
andromeda-mc.servegame.com;Andromeda
masterpvp.net;MasterPVP 
waste.mineconomy.org:25564;Wasteland Survival
69.175.65.211;Crafted Clan
play.herostorm.info;HeroStorm
78.129.165.142;PieNetwork
mc.prozbukkit.com;ProzBukkit
192.95.48.127;QtipCraft
www.dwacraft.com;DWACraft
mc.ruinscraft.com;Ruinscarft
185.16.85.120:25965;Four Twenty Craft
tension.beastmc.com;TensionMC
Friendlycraft.mcalias.com;FriendlyCraft
CrossSoulsPvP.nn.pe:25578;CrossSoulsPvP
mc.dandcc.us;divide and conquer
mc2.dandcc.us;divide and conquer
198.20.103.106;Prison reborncraft
pvp.alternativemc.net;AlternativeMc
108.170.18.10:25666;PineCraft
craft3pvp.mcserver.ws;Craft Cubed PVP
mc.team-epiphany.com;Team Epiphany PvP
98.253.6.199;TechMenGaming
play.mc-hg.com;hello
23.235.226.234:25601;AltoCraft
missilewars.auroracraft.net;AuroraCraft | Missile Wars
voli-prison.com;Voli Prison
SavoKraft.net;SavoKraft Survival Premium
184.154.186.52;FactionCraft
85.114.130.119:25712;Ancient Realms
play.sonoyuncu.com;kenannos
tbn.mine.nu;TBNGames
play.craftgasm.net;CraftGasm
play.twatpvp.net;Twatpvp
ExtremeMC.net;ExtremeMC
play.mcshockwave.net;MCShockwave
ironminecraft.com;daf 
184.95.53.218;Gladiatorcraft
mc.rustledgamers.com;Rustled Gamers Towny/LWC/iConomy
mc.drugcraft.net:26665;drugcraft
magar.hopto.org;Magars Escape
prisonbeast.beastnode.net;PrisonBeast
23.235.228.56;Golden Empire
mckamelot.mcph.co;Kamelot
mc.pokeballers.com;Pixelmon Pokeballers
raidcraft.mcpro.co;RaidCraft
CrossSoulsPvP.nn.pe:25578;CrossSoulsPvP
85.114.132.138:25642;Assassins Creed Craft
mc.epsidel.net;FiveMC
46.228.195.58;Minecrack
mc.IronRaid.co;IronRaid
198.50.137.129;MasterCraftBR
198.49.66.109;VitalPvP
192.210.236.57:25865;Black Beard MC
lostislands.org;epic server
jokke.maxgree.com:25566;DiamondCraft
play.razorpvp.org;RazorPvP
pcgnetwork.uk.to;PixlCast MiniGames
Mc.Titanbattles.Net;Titanbattles
198.12.66.228;Bubby Craft
ironminecraft.com;pvpcrafters.net
hub.evolutionpvp.com;EvolutionNetwork
factions.terminal-mc.com;Terminal Factions
scav.tv;darknessking
ecoskyblock.beastmc.com;EcoSkyblock
mc.minecreations.us;Minecreations.us
skga.me;SkyDoesMinecraft Official Network
ImpactNetwork.us;Impact Network
mc.naff.co;100 Percent Vanilla Server
185.9.105.228;Skycraft
obsidiancreeper.net;Obsidian Creeper
login.arkhamlockup.com;ArkhamLockup
184.171.249.244;SuskyCraft
64.31.51.233;BalisticFactions
play.mc-domination.com;Mc-Domination MASS hiring
mc.penguin-craft.net;Penguin Craft 
99.198.98.74;Ruin Craft
180.189.223.58;HungerLegend
JustJail.org;JustJail
farlandspvp.com;FarlandsPVP
mc.thewickedclowns.net;WC Craft Factions/PVP/PVE
PLAY.PVPMINIGAMES.COM;BEST MINECRAFT PVP SERVER
lolstercraft.nn.pe:25588;lolstercraft
188.40.42.150:25567;OpDanskeFactions
mc.visionfear.com;Vision Fear Server
66.71.248.178:33379;Angel Craft
finaldestinationpvp.de;Final Craf Premium
mc.sungodpalace.us;Sun God Palace
pvp.lordscraft.net;LordsCraft
mc.gamerbros.net;SteelCraft
MobCraft.nn.pe:25579;MobCraft
mc-wars.org;MC Wars
192.95.30.85:25632;BigNig Craft
appleninja.uk.to;AppleNinja
192.210.238.20:25765;SweetPvP
184.95.34.98:25734;Pakocraft
69.25.207.115;IceCraftOfficialServer 
mc.torchednetwork.net:25629;Torched Network
cubemc.org;CubeMC
198.27.114.145;RetaliationPVP
myfriends.beastmc.com;My Friends
69.175.65.141;KnepCraft
mc.hytecpvp.com;Hytec Factions PVP
192.198.91.83;Nightmare Pixelmon
tension.beastmc.com;Tension
192.95.30.80:25873;Titanium Factions
69.175.94.21;DarkMatterGaming
192.3.46.88;RoyalMC
23.235.228.254;Mastercraft
play.shimmerville.com;Shimmerville
184.171.251.88;EmeraldCraft
TerraRealms.MCPH.co:28870;Terra Realms
dokaviin.mcph.co:30093;AncientCrysisGaming
play.shadowrealmsmc.com;ShadowRealms
208.167.251.187:25595;FactionCraft
mc13.fadehost.com:25603;Infinity Siege
play.hollowgamingpoint.com;HGP Network
85.236.102.4:27665;MushiCraft
ice.mcpro.co:48272;IceCraft
kool-craft.zapto.org;Kool Craft
endercraft.pwnz.org:25588;EnderCraft
thedgclan.com;DeadlyCraft
brelzar.mine-crafter.de;Brelzar
MClegends.co.uk;MClegends.co.uk
75.127.11.119;AKAVIR TES VI THE INFERNAL AGE
ThePlayground.McAlias.com:25712;ThePlayground
n8.csrv.pl;Swaped Craft
198.24.167.138;The Random Dimention
88.150.171.35;Ionic_Craft
184.95.39.18:25765;Dartcraft
Play.VicePvP.Net;VicePvP
198.24.171.114:31947;The Club MC
Rebornlegend.no-ip.org;Rebornlegend
107.194.57.157;HonCraft
pixelmon.hqgaming.us;HQGaming Pixelmon
play.qblocks.us;Quantum Blocks Minecraft
23.235.224.11;LazuliCraft
play.legacyminecraft.org;Legacy Minecraft
119.252.191.247:25595;Crafters Paradise
1.cbga.me;Super Craft Brothers
188.241.14.4;UltraMC
cobel.pl;COBEL
play.minehub.org;MineHub
lindquistnet.us;Lindquist Survival
mc.voidcraft.eu;Voidcraft
mc.vk-gaming.net;VK Network
cookiemonster.student.utwente.nl;Cookiemonster
172.245.34.227;BoxTarCraft
23.235.232.99:25630;GenesisGaming 
148.251.14.103:25607;IgniteCraft
83.151.227.106;HatleyWorld
kronosville.zapto.org;Kronosville
108.174.60.101:25765;Baneshroud
towny.world8-4.ca;World84
198.24.162.90:25572;crypticPvP
188.212.100.64;Fast Gaming
108.170.41.138:25824;Skycraft
Mineworld152.no-ip.org;MineWorld
mine.lewna.net;Lewna World 
castlecrafters.net;Castle Crafters
MC.EuphoriCraft.com;EuphoriCraft
77.111.204.242;AzoresPT
82.145.53.234;ShadowBlack
mctechnocraft.com;Technocraft
mc.sarmacraft.info;SarmaCraft
divine-pvp.co.uk;DivinePvP
InfinityGaming.nn.pe:25580;InfinityGamin
pvp.extronus.net;Extronus
198.24.144.42:25615;SkyShock
mc-caspercraft.beastMC.com;Caspercraft
gmechanism.com;CraftGalaxy
playcraftpvp.tk;PlayCraftPvP Cracked
play.AquacraftMC.com;Aqua Craft
techworld2.ggateway.net:25570;Generation Gateway
monster.ggateway.net:25555;Generation Gateway
94.23.155.201;Squidcraft Pvp  Factions Creative
108.170.5.66;Rubix Craft
play.risemc.com;RiseMc
mas.dimensioncraft.org;DimensionCraft Survival
94.23.155.201;SquidCraft
ice.mcpro.co:48272;IceCraft
ice.mcpro.co:48272;IceCraft
217.114.198.192;NorthLand
185.16.85.36;Pokeymine
rb-mc.net;Rainbow
217.114.192.202;TsyflaCraft
ClosCraft.nitrado.net;ClosCraft
193.111.140.161:26126;Originalbuild
GenesisPvP.us;Genesis PvP
198.154.112.163;PenguinCraft
198.27.79.245;Wolfcraft
mustachebrigade.zapto.org:25570;The Mustache Brigade Space Race
mc.slicecrafter.com;SLICEcraft
ArkhamNetwork.org;Arkham Craft
ArkhamNetwork.org;Arkham Craft
mc.enziocraft.net;EnzioCraft Assassins Creed Server
mc.devinepvp.net;DevinePVP
mc.devinepvp.net;DevinePVP
69.175.28.50;Just Another Survival
198.143.142.227;MilkCraft Survival
play.mineshack.net;MineShack Towny
JT7570.mcpro.co:49014;JTCraft
starwarscraft.com;Starwarscraft
pvp.extronus.net;Factions
104.219.7.23:25663;Pixelmoon
mc.sattatv.com;Sattacraft
mc.emporior.net;Emporior Network
85.190.166.15;NukeCraft.de
85.190.166.15;NukeCraft.de
play.mc-uhcumindcrack.uk;Community Mindcrack Like Fan Server
ip.craftunio.hu;Craft Unio
188.212.100.151;AdventureMinecraftRo
mc.neoncraft.nl;NeonCraft
kubecraft.mcpro.co:26204;KubeCraft
ckits.us.to;cKits
mc.hc-craft.com;HC Craft
mc.mcpassion.eu;McPassion.eu MINIGAME
85.236.100.219:25865;XenonCraftPvP
176.31.215.138;EarthCraft
gizmic.no-ip.org;LegitPlay
nexxuslegion.darktech.org;Nexxus Legion
mc.noobforces.net;Noobforces Minecraft Server
play.craftersland.us;CraftersLand Network Servers US
play.spikeycraft.com;SpikeyCraft
shadowmc.net;ShadowMC
hub.haydzcraft.com;HaydzCraft
69.195.149.106:25619;Obliviation_Pvp
Suomihub.fi;Suomicraft
minecraftzocker.net;HP Craft
5.255.85.208:26353;Flamecraft
shadowcraft-raid.servegame.com;Shadowcraft
PlanetCraft.PL;PlanetCraft.PL
mc.imperial-realms.com;Imperial Realms
mc.noiacraft.org;NoiaCraft
62.141.42.133:25796;CatCraft
GS55.swifthosting.dk:25616;DetDanskeNetwork - Faction - Opprison
108.170.21.42:28230;MbDimensions
85.236.109.213:25865;sokocraft
hub.paragon-gamers.com;Paragon Gamers
mc.nubellis.com;Nubellis Games MC Server A
play.mineobies.com;Mineobies
mc.playmineau.com;MINEAU
arktosgaming.net;ArktosGaming
mc.daestrapvp.com;DaestraPvP
creeperlegions.mcserver.me;CreeperLegions PvP Factions
bdn.uhmg.net;bdn.uhmg.net Op Prison  and Factions
144.76.219.107:25607;OplexiCraft
23.235.228.228;ObbyCraft
144.76.219.110:25603;SupremePixelmon
5.62.121.147;DKE Server
5.255.85.203:25869;JourneyCraft
minezap.beastmc.com;MineZap
us.mcctf.com;Capture The Flag
mc-sabotage.com;Sabotage
mc-hg.com;Hardcore Games
raid.mcpvp.com;Raid
76.164.202.170;darthpvp.us
samistine.com;Samistines Hub
MC.CubeLegacy.com;CubeLegacy
213.189.52.214:25697;MinecraftArena
46.4.65.73;Arkania - Land of Lords
JaviSurvival.sytes.net;JaviSurvival
minecraftgame1.com;Minecraft Game 1
hub.e-mc.org;Explosive MC
mc.Live4Craft.com;Live4Craft
198.24.171.42:52644;KarpKarp
Play.gotpvp.com;GotPvP Network
s4.craftbuy.ru:25720;SANCTUM
finalfrontier.servegame.com;Final Frontier
play.sidezserver.com;SidezServer
81.19.211.153;PlayStarworlds.com
Play.Nonstop-pvp.com;NonStopPvp
obscurospixelmon.g.akliz.net;Obscuros Pixelmon
192.95.30.197;Dreamshire
198.24.178.170:43271;Cortex Craft
play.azcraft.net;AZCraft
play.arazone.net;Arazone
ClosCraft.nitrado.net;closcraft
84.201.11.200:25870;Scoutcraft 
Anaxis-Craft.mcpro.co:25894;Anaxis Craft
172.245.34.7;Titania
185.16.85.20:26065;Garxolandia Survival and Creative Server
5.62.120.12;Nitrocraft
mc27.crew.sk:25574;MultiCraft.eu
emeraldcraftmc.mooo.com;EmeraldCraft
play.dogecraft.us;DogeCraft
mc.LVcraft.net;LVCraft
69.162.66.20:25664;Crafted Central
198.24.178.170:43271;Cortex Craft
play.jbhcentral.info;jbhcentral
factions.org;0tx.org
emenbeesmp.com;Emenbee Realms
LapisCraft.mcpro.co:25592;LapisCraft
Play.VendexPrison.com;Vendex Prison
play.simple-survival.net;Simple Survival
mc.maio.me;Maiomecraft
mc.foxelbox.com;The Foxelbox Server
Play.RPBNetwork.com;RPBNetwork
5.39.74.200;SuomiBlock
play.mcpowercraft.com;Power Craft
procraft-mcserver.net;ProCraft
mc6.fadehost.com:25713;Hs-craft
tatsucraft.us.to;TatsuCraft
scavengercraft.com;BlattMiester
McLogic.McPro.Co;Mc Logic
shadowxcraft.net;ShadowXCraft
FadePrison.com;Fade Prison
outragekits.tk;OutrageKits
mc.attackonmonster.com:25625;Attack On Monster
mc.zeldaworld.net;ZeldaWorld
ColosCraft.mcpro.co;ColosCraft New Factions Server
play.soulpoint.eu;Factions| TownBreak | OpPvP | 24/7
magma-flare.us;Magma Flare
192.210.218.252;LVCraft
23.235.233.210;BattlezPvP
mc.popcraft.org;PopCraft
boltsoft.org;Boltsoft
pvp.lanhut.net;LHCraft
n8.csrv.pl:13362;SwapedCraft PVP/Raid 24/7 NoLagg
play.bensuniverse.com;Bens Universe
play.minecraftuprising.com;UpRisingMc
AuroraPrison.astralgs.com;Aurora Prison
192.99.5.72:26923;Infinite Worlds
108.170.5.66:25587;StayCrafty
108.166.174.171;DawnCraft
mc17.serverminer.com:25584;Skellies
prostarplanet.com;ProStarPlanet Pro Star MC
144.76.172.227:25580;InfinityGamin
minecraft.iguardians.co.uk;Internet Guardians Server
play.islandcraft.info;islandcraft
un.thinkercraft.net:25633;Thinker Craft Unleashed
198.154.105.226;Creativity Server
mc.emenbeesmp.com;Emenbeesmp
50.23.129.98:27265;SafeHaven
162.216.101.154;FabledCraft
play.galaxy-mc.net;GalaxyNetwork
play.adultcraft.net:25578;AdultCraft Adult Minecraft Server
timelesspvp.com;TimelessPvP
46.228.200.140;Kingsbridge Medieval MC Server
209.105.227.184:25643;BossCraft
77.111.201.227;The Chasm
188.40.108.16:25578;ETPhonehome
adonisprison.us;AdonisPrison
Blossomcraft.minecraft.to;BlossomCraft
216.172.107.204;Blitzcraft
imperios.craftlandia.com.br:1515;Xtreme0554
play.infiniteapples.com.;Infinite Apples
198.23.148.169:25665;LegacyCraft
198.50.202.162;Ultimus Apocalypsis
Server1.Fasten-Eight.com;FASTEN EIGHT
119.252.191.183;ICHIcraft
mc.rebirthgaming.org:8001;Rebirth Gaming
109.230.239.232;Another Villavu Minecraft Server
mc.poke-realms.net;Poke Realms
23.235.224.186:26790;QuantomCraft
knightcraft.mcserver.ws;Knight Craft
mc.nuclearstorm.net;NuclearSTORM
server.Craft-Paradise.de;Craft Paradise
198.23.148.6;Grimfall PVP
69.175.121.182;Prison Olympos
arkhamnetwork.org;arkham
72.46.129.202:25576;CastleCraftPro
play.minetheft.com;Mine Theft
play.shadowrealmsmc.com;ShadowRealms
typhoon.tk;Typhooncraft
192.227.136.84:25665;Endcraft STAFF WANTED
198.23.140.130:25575;ecoSurvival
Rush-hub.net;RushHub
jogar.planetacraft.com.br;Planetacraft_BR
FoxCraftGames.mcpro.co:25620;FoxCraft Games
mc.arimina.net:25615;Arimina
184.95.39.130:25676;JadeCloud  2
198.24.175.50:25589;Delta Craft
play.demicraft-mc.com;DemiCraft
play.pimpincraft.com;PimpinCraft 
mc.aetherium.net;Aetherium MC
pvp.lordsworld.co.uk:25570;LordsPvp Pvp Factions Kit Pvp 
192.184.13.248;McMonkeyCraft
46.17.40.151:25665;Minecraft Classic
77.111.207.229;ZombieWorld
tahticraft.waltsu.net:25595;TahtiCraft
mc.geomecraft.com;Geomecraft
mctheshelter.com;The Shelter
192.184.13.248;Mcmonkeycraft
77.111.207.229;ZombieOutBreak
198.24.173.178:62659;PotatoCraft SMP
recoverypvp.mcpro.co;Recovery PVP
mc.crewniverse.com;crewniverse
atomiccraft.beastnode.net;AtomicCraft
prison.uncrafted.us;Uncrafted Prison | 24/7 |
Infinite-Craft.us;Infinite Craft 
46.4.91.242:25577;Creative PlotMe  - EUGCS.net
mc.fireflymc.net:25865;FireFly Minecraft
198.143.150.62;supercraft bros.
pelaa.kakkucraft.com;SnowCraft
198.154.120.50;BananaCraft
mc.teamshrimp.com;Team Shrimp Minecraft
galaxycraft.hostmc.org;Galaxy Craft
108.170.11.170:25856;HorizonCraft
134.255.231.180:24374;PvParadise
Vinix.Angels-Reach.net;vinix Servers
mc.hypixel.net;minecraft.plot
199.119.118.118;jjc craft
198.154.110.182;NoobCraft
mc.legendarycraft.com;djsjsbbs
192.227.136.11:25765;CorsairCraft
mc.hcserver.com;HC Server
circu.mc.net.nz:25606;Circu
CombatZ.net;CombatZ
euphoria.gameserv.co;Euphoria
64.237.34.250:41300;INTERTWINE
ultacraftmc.servegame.com;UCMC PvP PvE SMP Parkour Cities
play.podusnetwork.com;Podus Network
184.95.50.178:35826;ParadoxCraft
mc.commander-craft.com;Commander Craft
mc.skrewloose.net;SkrewLoose
107.6.116.10:25663;Overblast Network - ONLINE
poketek.us.to:25638;PokeTek
play.undercraft.org;UnderCraft Network
gammamc.net;voidcraft
46.253.196.225:26365;GreekSecrets
95.141.32.150;VortexNetwork
play.pvp-craft.ml;craft-pvp
play.mcverse.net;McVerse
198.143.139.130;Zemnicraft
37.59.174.202;Minesmash
198.23.148.109:25665;InfernoCraft
185.4.149.32:25583;ExYu Craft
192.210.228.139;HipsterCraft
174.138.171.122:60041;Aliencraft
198.50.162.110;BeastCraft
198.24.178.170:43271;Cortex Craft
blocktown.org;blocktown
planet.rat.a2g.gs;Planet Rat
66.85.160.18:25869;Multi Minecraft
mc.andrewcraft.us;Andrewcraft
Bubbycraft.a2g.gs;Bubby Craft
playcreepercraft.net:35746;CreeperKingdoms
play.mcge.us;Guardian Empire
198.24.163.106:43542;PowerPvP
162.221.192.171;Wilbercraft
PulseMC.net;PulseMC
uk.minecraft-murder.net;Minecraft Murder
mc.planet-earth-minecraft.com;Planet Earth Minecraft
justplays.de;JustPlays
playcrazypvp.nn.pe:25568;Crazy PVP Factions 24/7 Server
198.24.165.236;SkipperCraft
77.111.207.229;ZombieOutBreak
j2d2.no-ip.org;J2D2
survivalscape.us.to;SurvivalScape
play.auriolcraft.com:25722;AuriolCraft
mc.simpleraids.com;SimpleRaids
198.24.165.154:59406;KITTEHCraft Hub Server
creativefun.eu;lavacraft
Play.ParadiseNetworkMC.com:25601;Paradise Network
198.49.65.11;SpycyPvP
Deadislandpvp.net;DeadIsland Pvp Cars Dayz Guns Infect Zed
bubbycraft.a2g.gs;Diehardpvp
s31.hosthorde.com:25570;FRIENDLY TOWNY DREAM SCAPEZ 
endercraftmc.beastnode.net;Endercraft
mc.hex.gg;HexMC
play.paviliongaming.com;The Pavilion
198.20.127.250;BloodyPvP
laerad.net;WXMC Survival
Mc.exileservers.com:25589;Deathly PvP
198.24.181.242:31953;the jmc server
dk22.fragnet.net:26265;QuadroCraft
88.198.26.204:25594;CraveCraftTowny
play.assaultmc.com;AssaultMC | Factions 
184.171.253.213;HomicidePVP
144.76.131.11:1338;Kaldrian.de
play.lucidcraft.org;Lucidcraft
factions.verazr.com;VerazrPvp  Best Op Factions
192.210.230.247;GladeCraft
184.95.42.202:34081;Gage Thatcher
176.31.208.75;Lastcrafters
mc.altechmc.com:25725;AltechMC
Squidcraft.everhost.nl:1337;Squidcraft
37.59.15.118;Homeless Force
198.27.67.77:25689;Randomon Pixelmon
krunchykraft.com;KrunchyKraft 
CerberusPvP.mcraft.pro;Cerberus
199.188.100.222:25665;Armegeddon Survival
xmining.mc-hoster.com;XMining Premium
TheUnleashedBeast.by.gamed.de;The Unleashed Beast
wosuncraft.com;Wosuncraft Survival
69.175.9.9;LlamaCraft Factions PvP Op Items
intensepvp.com;monman11
5.9.13.211:25570;Planet Cube
NervousCraft.nitrado.net;NervousCraft
184.164.152.186:25889;Commander Craft
pandemiccraft.fluctis.com;Pandemic Craft
PrestigedPrison.mcserver.ws;Prestiged Prison
108.170.11.170:26081;McImmortal
play.aspiriamc.com;Aspiria MC
moestaverne.com;Moestaverne
eternalhardcore.factions.ws;Eternal Hardcore PvP
play.rageraid.org;RageRaid
mc.radialrealms.com;Radial Realms
play.itsjerryandharry.com;Tree House
killpvp.net;KillPvP
Mahnercrerft.gameserv.co;Mahnercrerft
eu-pvp.com;PulseMC
216.172.108.184;UNKOWNCRAFT.mcserver.ws
teamcraft.minecraft-mania.fr;Team Craft P.V.P
eu.craftmemc.de;Craftme
wcmc.co;Whichcraft the Premiere Minecraft Server
EquationCraft.net;EquationNetwork
77.111.254.105;PlayTheCraft
mc.noblechief.us;NobleCraft
lockedmc.com;LockedMc
107.167.82.17;Nostalgix
209.188.12.114:25849;RegalPvP
mc34.serverminer.com:25703;The Epicness Hideout
egocraftnetwork.net;egocraftnetwork
chubbykits.us;Chubby Kits
mc.rhorizons.net:25765;Radiant Horizons
KRealms.factions.ws;KatalystRealms
gameaurora.com;Aurora Gaming Networks
mc.factionkingdom.com;Faction Kingdom
192.210.143.62:25665;Abbycraft
play.aemservers.net;aem
4.79.216.149:29001;Night Miner
188.40.118.13;Drakeheart Roleplay
TheBiome.mcph.co;TheBiome
cceu.eu;harryptman
198.15.112.60;BlockyPrison
78.143.12.52;MCRanger
mc.willowbuild.net;WillowBuild
Absolute-Gaming.eu;Absolute Gaming
172.245.34.164;Hallowed Plains
mc.overlandspvp.com;Overlandspvp.com
play.Termina.us;Termina | The Best Towny Experience
yoloMinecraft.com;jonathan2356
play.eternal-gamer.com;Eternal Gamer
198.24.189.62;MastaCraft
goldcraftpvp.net;Matthew
play.ftbunleashed.net;FTB Unleashed
www.serveroceanus.net;Oceanus
ccn-mc.catchy1.com;Catchy Craft Network
77.111.241.104;Nexus Factions
ironwolfmc.net;The Iron Wolf Network
108.170.61.21;Catalyst Prison
mc.woopgaming.com;WoopGaming
37.59.200.71;SpainGame
172.245.208.179;SiKPIXELMON
SERVER-REINOSOLVIDADOS.NET;REINOS OLVIDADOS
play.exoterramc.com;ExoTerraMC
pvp.emperion.eu;EMPERION
creeperskingdom.mcph.co;Creeper Kingdom
infocraft.eu;Infocraft.eu
77.111.205.73;MASTER CRAFT
62.75.177.186;Miners Eternity Survival mcMMO
144.76.112.103:25602;Woodcraft
STSGamers.nn.pe:25570;STS Gamers
98.174.230.107;Almost Pixel Factions
ccraft.net;Colossal Craft PVP
play.archcraft.org;ArchCraft PvP Factions 
s.123ServerMc.de;123.de
192.95.29.194:25671;Endo Craft
streamercraft.mcpro.co:28544;Streamer Craft
198.24.155.250:55842;CanonCraft
pvp.icewynd.net;Icewynd
play.mineorb.com;MineOrb
pvp101.mcpro.co;PvP101
mc.orecraft.com;OreCraft Network
worldofhydro.mcpro.co;Hydrocraft
play.skyblocker.com;The SkyBlockers Server
factions.passionpvp.com;PassionPvp
198.15.87.75;Minerz Craft
icecraft.PlayAt.CH;IceCraft
play.mcotg.com;Off the Grid
188.212.100.226;Hub.Ranked.Ro
108.170.15.242;QuartzCraft
184.164.75.159;Detained
198.154.112.178;LeCrafterMan
TGMGamingzz1.beastnode.net;TGMGamingzz1
knightcraft.mcserver.ws;Knight Craft
mc.PrisonHeist.net;PrisonHeist
Supersonic.scon.de;SuperSonicCraft
sverrecraft.com;Sverrceraft
198.23.130.170;endersedge
198.24.171.43;Deltacrafts
Minecraft.surfburken.se;Surfburken
Wildertnis.no-ip.biz;Wildertnis
play.minecraftercity.com;MineCrafterCity
EndlessSurvival.co.uk;EndlessSurvival
curvycraft.a2g.gs;CurvyCraft
play.nytrocraft.com;NytroCraft
mc.raiderspvp.com;RaidersPVP
184.95.37.138:25587;VashMC
mc.planetofthetops.com;Planet of the Tops
play-rrpvp.tk;Royal Realms PvP
198.24.163.106:43542;Powerpvp
surfacemc.com;SurfaceCraft
209.15.212.226:25665;buddyscraft
198.23.157.109;UltimateMC
us50.mcsg.in;Hungergames
ravecraft.mcserver.ws;RaveCraft
192.184.13.126;MAGICCRAFT
inspired.servegame.com;Inspired
mc.agoncraft.net;AgonCraft
23.235.228.56;Golden Empire
retro-mc.com;RetroMC
mc27.serverminer.com;PlatinumCraft
192.210.232.173;PurePvpFactionMc
85.236.101.90:25965;OrionCraft
yolominecraft.com;PvP Block
pvp.mineowner.com;MineOwner PvP
172.245.34.26;Sublime Gaming
Dumass.codns.com;elland Online
SB.SKYPVP.ORG;SKYPVP
metrocraft.me;MetroCraft
piggybackcraft.fluctis.com:25629;Piggyback craft
88.150.171.179;SFCraft
play.rawpvp.com;RawPVP
mc.hexaprison.com;HexaPrison
Iderpserver.mcph.co:35079;I Derp
play.psmc.ca;Porkchop Sandwiches
OPAnarchy.com;OPAnarchy
198.24.134.114;SoCraft
DJPlay321.com;DJCRAFT
198.24.134.114:25619;SOCraft
mc.trinity-pvp.net;TrinityPvP
209.105.238.45;Shiny Network
158.58.172.226:25570;UltraCraft
Erickr258.beastmc.com;Erickr
craftlancer.de;craftlancer
minecraftCf.Com;MINECRAFT Cross Fire
play.solarcraftmc.com;SolarCraft MC
mc.tartarusrealms.com;Mc.tartarusrealms.com
mc.agchq.com;AGCW Kingdoms
mc.evox.lv;Evox
91.121.182.29;CityMayhems Official Server
pistonmc.com;YoshiCraft
play.foxcraft.es;foxcraft
play.xerocraft.ca;Finnavia
play.noobsquad.eu:25623;Noobsquad G4ming
play.operationpvp.com;Operation PvP
ikeacraft.net;Ikeacraft
184.171.170.124;FirePvP
mc.overlandspvp.com;OverlandsPvP  Factions  mcMMO  Drugs
vhaldir.sytes.net;Terra Firma
play.mundsrealm.info;The Realm of Mund
mc.thegamingcraft.net;The Gaming Craft
play.pokeplanet.net;Poke Planet Pixelmon
mc.aliceinwondercraft.com;Alice In Wondercraft
heliosrealms.com;HeliosRealms
funpigpvp.mcserver.ws;Fun Pig PVP
209.188.12.114;jacob
mc.havocscape.us;HavocScape
pvp.extronus.net;prisioncraft
198.143.150.24;311smp
192.99.18.62:54625;KingCraft
78.143.18.250;CrazyCraft
187.121.196.146;Hexafun Faction Server
85.190.167.207;ScoutPvP
dragons-kingdom.mcnhosting.com;Dragons Kingdom
gamersrus.no-ip.biz:27011;Bleach Siege of Souls
play.assaultmc.com;AssaultMC 
op.verazr.com;Aspen | Prison | OP | Now Cracked
play.jailcraftmc.com;JailCraft MC
85.190.172.105;DauerSuchter
Mathsterk.net;Mathcraft
trollcraft.no;TrollCraft
46.4.91.242:25599;BUILD   - EUGCS.net
mc.ptcruisercraft.com;Ptcruisercraft
198.154.104.212;MsCraft
88.150.171.69;FlameCasters Skyblock
mc.cs-nabani.pl;GreenGames SURVIVAL
pvp.Desteria.net;Desteria
Apollocraft.mcpro.co;ApolloCraft
simply-mc.net;Simply-Mc Network
198.27.83.111:25569;Pancho Craft
SpeedPvP.org;SpeedPvP
198.50.161.96:25566;EnderCraft
198.24.161.154;MiniFactionsMc
198.24.161.154;MiniFactionsMc
RiftwalkCraft.nn.pe:25584;RiftwalkCraft
fluxfactions.net;Fluxfactions PVP Mcmmo Auctions
n8.csrv.pl:13362;SwapedCraft
mc.minecub.es;Minecub
94.23.1.6:25587;TheCave
craftmonkey.mcpro.co;Craft Monkey
108.178.60.30;Infinite PvP
play.hexicraft.com;Hexicraft
209.105.244.248;THE WORLD OF MODS
poke.az-mc.us;Pixelmon 2.5.7
Mc.MineFrame.Eu;MineFrame Network
slothlair.beastmc.com;The Sloth Lair
64.74.111.45:25567;quantumcrafters
play.dlccraft.net;DlcCraft
node14.minecrafted.net:25578;KayCraft
dtrox.com;Dtrox Gaming
play.dutchmineplayers.nl:25566;Dutchmineplayers
emeraldsurvival.nn.pe:25578;Emerald Survival
209.188.12.202:59973;PlatinumMC
lozjail.us.to;lozjail
HammondsLegacy.com;HamCraft
82.176.26.243;BIg Mine Big Loot
play.prison-op.com;Prison OP
mc.pandemiccraft.com;PandemicCraft
108.166.172.76;BasivPvP
mc.stormheart.net;Stormheart | RPG
108.60.215.232;itzEnergyCraft
ave.vgmc.us;Avenue
162.223.9.42;MobPvP
hub.ogmcraft.com:26160;OGMcraft Hub
play.nucleardistrict.net;NuclearDistrict Gaming Community
162.223.9.107;QAC Craft
207.251.220.124;MineAxe
warhub.tommytony.com;Warhub
192.110.161.38;UniversalCraftMC
37.187.128.231:27360;WTCraft
23.235.234.72:25570;Minecraft Heaven
whatthehay.hosthorde.net;What The Hay
kryptonmc.net;KryptonMC
mc.dextilenetwork.com;DextileNetwork
77.111.248.237;PowerKraft
mc.scorpiorealms.com;Scorpio Realms
mc.mcorigins.com;CreativeBlockz
minecraftroleplaycity.no-ip.biz;Minecraft Roleplay City
400393.mc.multiplaygameservers.com;Just a minecraft server
162.223.9.25;Thirdcraft
209.105.245.148;Epsilon CIty
FoxCraft.Minecraft.To;FoxCraft
public.sdminecraft.com;SDMinecraft Public Server
rethroprison.beastmc.com;rethroprison
Cakecrafters.mcpro.co:25594;CakeCrafters
swishmc.com;Swish
play.miraclemc.com;PLAY.MIRACLEMC.COM
198.24.163.106:43517;Ember Network  Factions
mc.emeraldcave.org;Emeraldcave
192.210.229.57;LEAGUE OF TITANS
198.143.140.143;King Craft
68.188.249.131:24464;Potato Kingdom
198.24.163.106:43517;Ember Factions
198.143.139.70;ElderCraft
redstonecraft.net;RedstoneCraft
mc.delecraft.net;DeleCraft
play.green-toads.net:25703;GreenToads Minecraft Server
78.46.97.248:25578;EverCraft
sophisticatedgoons.mcserver.ws;SophisticatedGoons
play.lostcraft.co;Lostcraft
nyalonplays.com;team iron
creeperisland.com;CreeperIsland
BlockRush.net;BlockRush
184.95.36.178:49516;Demon Gaming
rustypotato.us;Rustypotato
mcmagic.us;mcMagic
mc.chrisbot.net;Chrisbot
198.20.109.237;Minest
kirrazykraft.com;KiRRaZYKRaFT
mc.breadkraft.net;BreadKraft
tacoland.mc-srv.com:25643;TacoLand
198.20.105.133;LoydCraft 24/7 PvP Creative
5.255.85.209:25859;WarCraftPvp
play.blockstorm.com;Blockstorm
37.157.248.82;AlphaPVP
37.187.175.190:32002;PlatinumCraft
mcbox.eu;McBox.eu
mc.shermrunner.com;Shermrunner
unbelievable.hexxit.de;UNBELIEVABLE
31.186.82.111:27777;Deagle Minecraft
198.24.161.154:25637;EmeraldPvP Factions PvP and Raiding
gamerspro.org;GamersPro
178.217.191.10;McKvP - Survival
188.40.108.16:25574;Requm  Faction PVP server
play.corerealms.org;CoreRealms OP Prison
198.143.139.83;IgnitePvP
198.12.65.52:25765;DyreCraft
play.planetcraftation.com;PlanetCraftation
mc.desron.net;Desron
cjbcraft.mcpro.co:25645;CJBCraft
mc.dreamexe.eu;Dreamexe
play.MegaMineGames.com;MegaMineGames
craftmagic.fluctis.com:25765;CraftMagic
108.170.53.234:25693;LegacyCraft Survival
mc.voodooshipping.net;VoodooCraft
olympustowny.mcserver.ws;Towns Of Mount Olympus
144.76.219.5:25575;ccs servers direwolf20 
217.79.190.22:25664;Simple survival
minecrafters.se;MinecraftersSE
pvp.gankscape.com;GankScape
mc.tehwarriors.net;TEH WARRiORS FTB Server
188.165.220.131:25568;BlazeBox   Attack of the B Team
mc.kraftwars.net;KraftWars
minecraftia.net;Minecraftia.net
mc.teohr.com;Faction Server
fluffyman191.aternos.me;Epicraftserver
Heraldia.servegame.com;Heraldia
217.208.240.175;HungerGames
obliviousrealm.mcpro.co;ObliviousRealm
198.24.134.100;OraPrison
mc.chaotic-prison.com;Chaotic Network
188.122.88.6:25739;CrazyPokerBlackout
minecraft127.omgserv.com:10037;astaria
mineprime.com;Mineprime
mc.bbsurvival.com;BBSurvival
aventuracraftchile.gamerlive.cl;AventuraCraft Chile
mc.roamc.net;Remnant of Adventure
unitedcloud.org;unitedcloud
Poke.bohemothgaming.com;PokeKnights
192.3.46.94;EggPlantedMC
snazzypvp.com;SnazzyPVP
play.fruitscraft.nl;The FruitsCraft
c.myth-craft.net;MythCraftC
mcPB.me;Pixelbound Hub with friends
degobah.sbelyea.net;degobah
aliencraft.mcserver.ws;Aliencraft
198.24.160.34:28410;BlasterCraft
185.28.188.151;WoodenPvp
synchronised.nn.pe:25593;Synchronised Direwolf20 server
bc.mcserver.ws;Bosscraft Survival
play.lingoncraft.pw;Lingoncraft
Manic-Craft.com;Mystical
creacraft.no-ip.biz;survivalcraft
mc.cubedcraft.org;CubedCraft
198.27.67.66;New Beginnings Minecraft
mc.daddyeric.com;DaddyCraft
agenthw.cloudapp.net;haydencraft
YOLOMINECRAFT.COM;Zion holt
198.24.165.154:59565;Funnycraft Prison
mc.meeked.in;VillaMC
119.252.191.153;FusionPrison
198.24.165.154;WFG Pixlemon
play.texyk.net;Texyk
neocrafters.sytes.net;NeoCrafters
85.236.107.33:31965;The Medieval Norway
198.143.150.126;RuneWars
gamingresearch.vortexservers.com;funcraft
198.136.52.196;MurfCraft
GodEmpire.minecraft.gs;GodEmpire
77.251.107.69;MonStarCraft
192.210.228.11;GhostlyPvP
198.24.170.170:25601;Econocraft
mc.elite-play.com;Elite-Play
198.20.71.125;VallyCraft
50.31.23.132;Madas hardcore towny 
play.prisonplus.net;PrisonPlus
TheImagineCraft.com;The ImagineCraft survival
mc.raiderspvp.com;RaidersPVP
192.99.19.209;Chillaxia
198.20.98.108;Minecraft Resurrection
play.legendaryempire.net;Legendary Empire
209.188.6.210:25761;AwesomeCraft
play.Koala-MC.net;KoalaCraft
198.24.167.210:25829;Build A Block Craft
mysticalwithers.net;mysticalwithers.net
giocraft.us.to;GiocraftMc
Allcrafti.minecraft.to;Allcrafti
Ever-Craft.net;EverCraft
RedstoneCraft.Net;RedstoneCraft Gaming 24/7 Survival
184.95.39.18;KrabCraft
198.50.161.101:25566;PvPSquads Server
mc.nimiety.org;BestCity
Play.OrcaKingdoms.Net;Orca Kingdoms
GeeCraft.us;GeeCraft
play.protocolpvp.net;ProtocolPVP
tomab.net:25566;Tomab Co FTB Server
TKON.nn.pe:25607;TKON
survival.teohr.com;Surivival Plots
nodemc.net;NodeMc
mc.opprisonescape.us:47241;opprisonescape
play.nonzer.se;ElaraGamers
oceancraft.mcserver.ws;OceanCraftPvP
monster.emucraft.net;Emucraft FTB MOnster server
MC-Experience.net;MCE Hub
play.junglelandmc.com;JunglelandMC
84.200.206.196:25600;Hospice PVP
192.184.13.247;Wolfepack
23.226.68.214;FiercePvP
play.cheese-network.com;Cheese Network Hub
play.axiom-network.com;AxiomNetwork
jogar.toppvp.com.br;Top PvP
192.3.7.18:29149;The Official SuperNate234 Server
198.20.127.70;Outside The Box
108.170.4.130;KingdomKraft
eirecraft.mcpro.co:21;EireCraft911
server.ultragame.at;Ultragame
209.105.250.24;EcoVille
faded.cc;Faded
CureatioRealm.factions.ws;Cureatio Realm
184.95.35.194:46421;LockupNetwork Prison
picklepvp.beastmc.com;PicklePvP 
skedgecraft.serverminer.com:25909;SkedgeCraft 
thebox.serverminer.com:25967;The Box
minecraftmountain.mcpro.co;Minecraft Mountain
83.161.147.192;NoobCraft
37b.g.akliz.net:25569;37 Buttons
198.20.96.102;Mushy Land Survival
play.mcthehype.net;HypePvP
192.3.169.239;Simple PvP
23.235.233.210;BattlezPvP
play.pvpraiding.net;ohoklexie
play.mineshake.net;Mineplex
minecraft.eyeguardian.com;GuardianPVP
SaturnGaming.net:25573;SaturnGaming
somecraft.fluctis.com;SomeCraft
play.blockmadness.com;BlockMadness
185.16.85.19:26465;Shadow Craft
85.236.107.6:25965;PvPcraft
77.111.250.233;Twin Falls
23.235.228.154:25570;Awesome Craft
151.80.78.212:28239;JuoniCraft
66.85.181.2:25591;Crazyblaze.net
buildablock.mcph.co;Build A Block Craft
95.141.35.109:25616;HeroicPVP Factions
184.171.253.196;Drelor
pvp.kingcraftmc.net;KingCraftMC
bapcraft.com;BapCraft
46.4.60.5;Minelife
192.95.48.112;Chronovator
play.thefriendlyserver.org;The Friendly Server
play.mcspacecraft.nl;McSpacecraft
Carrothub.net;Carrothub
godcraftpvp.de;Godcraft PvP/ Games/ PvP/Gs
play.o2d-gaming.com;O2D Gaming Towny MCMMO Minigames Economy
88.150.155.121;Kit Mc PvP
198.20.117.73;Medieval PVP
kingdoms.nelthorya.net;Kingdoms Of Nelthorya
mc.linkycraft.net;LinkyCraft
mc.snapcraft.net;snapcraft
www.capitolmc.com;Capitol Minecraft
67.212.185.190;TitaniumCraft
108.170.4.130;KhaosCraft
69.175.28.226;Survival craft
5.9.66.77:25572;LorixEmpire
chaincraft.org;pvpcraft.mc.com
chaincraft.org;lolcraft.mclol.we
65.60.15.72;Divine RPG
apexnetwork.org;ApexNetwork
Masterdeathshow2.aternos.me;Crafters
108.170.21.42:28192;Petoria
play.stuxmc.net;Stux Network
pow2.us.to;PowderCraft Prison
wowzercraft.com;Wowzercraft
mc.wolfshard.com;Wolfshard Prison
mccn.co;Minecraft Cloud Network
S18.hosthorde.com:25600;RD Pixelmon
hub.specialcraft.net;Specialcraft
alekso.openshell.no;HENCRAFT
s43.hosthorde.com:25663;DimCraft
172.245.34.13;LukeCraft
198.20.105.142;AdventureCraft ThemePark
craftnet.mc-srv.com;CraftNetwork
198.8.93.203;Hehe MC
77.111.252.197;Julenpe123 Minigames server
23.235.224.2:25623;cakeyCraft
kitpvp.eu;kingspvp
Minedawn.de;Minedawn.de
192.210.228.88;MonkeyCraft
quartzclass.game-host.org;QuartzClass
GetWrecked.net;GetWrecked.net
towny.valkyriecraftnetwork.com;ValkyrieCraft
199.188.101.43;TGCCRAFT
MC.TERRALEET.COM;Terraleet
0tx.org;0tx.org
Starkaleo.mcpro.co;Starkaleo Hub Server
Webley119.aternos.me:1;SmallCraft
176.31.238.98:26264;Axicraft
5.255.85.198:26033;ValleyCraft
85.236.107.6:25965;Kingsrealm
RocketRPG.mcph.co;RocketRPG
RocketMIW.mcph.co;RocketMIW
SKGA.ME;Skydoesminecraft
184.95.42.170:43247;CoolKidsCorner
broscrafts.mcpro.co;Broscrafts
TomatoMC.serverminer.com;TomatoMC
Hub.vyzon.net;Hunger games
mc.socialkingdom.info;Social Kingdom
play.rngames.net;RNPrison  OP Prison Server
rpg.hypercraft.pl;HyperCraft RPG Heroes Survival
lizengcraft.fluctis.com:25949;LiZenGCraft
olympus.duckdns.org;AuroraCraft
play.plotcraft.net;play.plotcraft.net
ssi.nu;BigGaming
JigokuCraft.US;JigokuCraft
TreeCraftPVP.nn.pe:25603;TreeCraftPVP
77.111.241.104;Fictional PvP
72.46.153.132;CommandosCraft
144.76.202.107:25569;ElusiveMC
198.27.103.34;SlickPrison
lightningcraftpvp.servegame.com;LightningCraft PvP
162.216.101.154:25779;TheDarksweb Old School Surival
dragoncraft.mcserver.ws;Dragoncraft
198.143.140.254;KombatCrew
play.pixelbound.net;PixelBound
gearbox.mine.bz;GearBox HUB
manexcraft.mcpro.co;ManexCraft
184.95.61.19;ManexxCraft
craftlandrdz.dsrv.pl;craftland
185.28.189.136;StormMcPvP
brocraftlive.net;Brocraft Live
minecraft.megathirio.com;Megathirio Gaming Bukkit Server
TubCraftFactions.eu;TubCraftFactions
photon-galaxy.mcpro.co;Photon Galaxy
108.170.6.138;McGrimsCraft
toxicfactions.mcpro.co;ToxicFactions
198.20.127.92;Beast MC
minecrack-mc.net;Minecrack Server
mcbreakout.eu;Breakout
96.43.133.92;HDCRAFT
pixelmoncraft.com;minecraft server
176.31.126.99:25571;Blockiserver
23.235.224.2:25602;Co Op Fortress
mc.sulphurcraft.us;Sulphurcraft
CliqueCraft.factions.ws;CliqueCraft
poke.craftblock.me;PokeBlock
skypixelmon.com;minecraft pixelmon
dogecraft.org;DogeCraft
198.143.159.9;Orecraft
198.24.171.162:30218;Heroicos Mc Server
ragequitgaming.us;RageQuitGaming
play.veterancraft.net;VeteranCraft
198.20.126.195;AquilaMc
hub.minecraftguild.net;MineCraftGuild.net
75.127.11.30;SinisterRealms Pixelmon server
96.8.119.94;Forgotten PvP
198.24.171.42:52472;BeehiveCraft
nnc.mcpro.co:25641;NamNamKits Solid Custom Ability PVP
play.feedthewolf.nl;FeedTheWolf
Prison.Fatalitymc.com;Fatality Prison
trollcraft.pl;Trollcraft
amentrix.com;Amentrix
KrunchyKraft.com;KrunchyKraft
play.abcnetwerk.nl:31088;ABCNetwerk NL/BE Factions // Minigames
denztopia.com;Denztopia
gamersrus.no-ip.biz:27011;Gamers R Us  Bleach Siege of Souls
178.20.170.143;BermudaNetwork
play.superstave.com;The Paradox Proxy
manexcraft.mcpro.co;ManexCraft
184.171.253.196;The World of Drelor
kkplays.com;DNS Techpack (7.8.5.0)
play.mc-skyblock.com;skyblock
s19.hosthorde.com:25666;Pagemaster
188.179.253.158:11111;The Emerald Dream
185.38.148.42:25610;ALTROS
37.59.237.224:25841;Closed
85.190.161.107;Eternity
play.wotgmc.net;Jesper12399
dashcraft.mcpro.co;DashCraft
server.hyper-vanilla.com;Hyper Vanilla
mc.frostcraft.ca;Frostcraft
gottabukkit.com;GottaBukkit
192.186.154.90:26997;JWL Pixelmon
192.227.136.72:25665;FactionofChaos
oc0544.com;oc0544
76.164.215.42:25978;CannonCraft
AbnormalPvP.net;AbnormalPvP
198.24.147.170;Attack of the minions
aaagr06.mcpro.eu:25784;DonkeyCraft
162.244.167.51:25691;Mad Cat Craft
runprison.mcfrag.net;RunAwayPrison
legitpvp.iridiumservers.net;LegitPvP
skyblock-islands.com;Skyblock Islands
survival.mineyc.com;Survival miney
play.omegaprisonmc.com;Omega Prison | No Lag | Custom
pbs.pokebankin.com;PokeBankin
swisssmp.ch;SwissSMP.ch
mc.nowcraft.net;NowCraft
91.233.106.104; Assassins Craft LcSNeT 
216.221.72.61:25566;CFG Ultimate Skyblock
75.127.10.19;Medieval Realms Minecraft
mc.igtf2.com;Impulse Gamers SMP
162.223.9.164;BlazedCraft
Node31.minecrafted.net:25721;EnvyCraft
minecraft.solidmine.net;SolidMine Network
23.235.235.17;Mikes Pixelcraft
109.169.12.213;MineBuild
lobby.diablecraft.de;Diablecraft
gameworldmc.nitrado.net;general656
foxyservers.co.uk;Foxy Servers
198.20.109.22;Equinox Network
188.40.72.210;MineVentures
mc.atthemomentgaming.com:25965;At The Moment Gaming
horizonpvp-mc.dmch.nl;HorizonPVP
s16.hosthorde.com:25745;Empathy
play.recklessraidz.net:25586;RecklessRaidz
23.235.224.2:25623;CakeyCraft
23.235.224.2:25623;CakeyCraft
23.235.224.2:25623;CakeyCraft
bapcraft.com;bapcraft
mc.squishcraftmc.com;SquishCraft
64.74.111.210;MinedCraft
InfernumCraft.TK:25575;Infernum Craft
209.15.212.21:28065;The Time Realms 2.0
198.27.83.159:25755;MC Prime Survival
78.129.165.154;Doomland Agrarian Skies
mc.time2craft.com;Time2Craft
82.192.76.211:25642;DiaArmy
77.111.197.168;Factions with Kulegas
kp-mc.us;KillerPenguin 2.0
play.the10kings.com;the10kings
server.cityprison.net;City Prison
198.20.103.157;Terracraft
thegoodlads.com;thegoodlads
hub.endercraftbuild.net;AGC_Trolling
nj-tv.net:25571;NJTV Public Attack of the BTeam
SnazzyPvP.com;SnazzyPvP
nj-tv.net;NJTV Public Vanilla Factions
craftlinepvp.com;CraftLinePvP
subplex.net;Subplex
198.143.139.18;EternalCraft
mc.anazro.com;AnazroCraft
play.beastmc.com;BEASTMc (Need Builders)
23.235.224.2:25681;OP Pixelmon
skyquests.com;SkyQuests
88.150.171.156;SkyMineServerz
91.121.114.184;BudderPvP
mc.obam.co;OBAMCraft
198.143.142.189;CycloneGamerCraft
nandosmcserver.no-ip.org;PatelCraft
play.kaalcraft.nl;KaalCraft
mc.playsurvival.net;HeathCraft
play.dynexcraft.com;DynexCraft Faction Unique Features
mc.magnetnetwork.net;Magnet Craft
mc.ng-gaming.net;Next Generation Gaming Minecraft
dugserver.tk;DUG SERVER
64.74.111.21:25570;Pixelparty
142.4.199.142;Skylords
192.210.238.19:25765;skycraft
play.parkourmmo.net;ParkourMMO
mc.thelegionmc.net:25785;LegionMC
play.Mcatlas.net;McAtlas
play.fatalprison.net;Fatal OP Prison
mc.terrestracraft.com;Terrestracraft
s47.hosthorde.com:25767;CCraft
play.miraclemc.com;Miracle MC
91.201.172.58;Energy Craft 
server.fightbuilddie.com;Fight Build Die
pixelcrafters.mcserver.ws;PixelCraft
184.164.152.21;Destructive Gaming
184.164.152.21;Destructive Gaming
162.218.116.179;Tri Kraft
planet.rat.a2g.gs;Planet Rat
skyblock.teohr.com;Skyblock
higame.pl;higame.pl
olimpo.me;master survival
192.99.19.73:26257;Leviathan Bending
74.117.238.22;PresidiumCraft
mc.ddgames.co.uk:25693;DD Games Vanilla Server
198.154.105.226;Creativity
199.187.127.137:25718;Project Dimension
162.213.42.184:25669;EcoVentureCraft
5.62.64.150;DommHD.nitrado.net
162.223.9.94;WorldAttack
198.24.139.178:25952;Realm PvP/Factions
69.27.127.245;SpawnVille
108.166.190.57;Survival Blocks
88.150.171.156;SkyMineServerZ (PVP) 
minecraft85.omgserv.com:10108;Greek Gaming
184.164.75.143;Titan PvP
fallenkingdom.craftnode.me:25707;Fallen_Kingdom
play.vector-mc.com;Vector Sector Mini Game Server
172.245.31.114;PCNetwork
DarthMelonNetwork.nn.pe:25605;MelonVerse
77.111.198.130;Iron Prophetie
waypvp.tk;WayPVP  MiniGames
wdbeta.mc-adventure.com:25657;The Walking Dead 
bigsister.mcserver.ws;BigSister Gulliver Server
mc.craftdoge.com;CraftDoge
Dexus-MC.org;DexusMC
198.154.120.210;Zombiewolfcraft
192.210.229.116;Rock Ridge
67.212.184.131;Ender Craft
sv.nexuscraft.es;NexusCraft
KingsCraftNetwork.Com;KingsCraft Network
mc.nictitate.net:26282;nictitate.net
Atomicdivisions.com;Atomic Divisions Industrial
92.110.91.200;WDScraft
vespamc.com;Vespa Survival
85.236.102.65:26065;Welcome to The 767 Network 24 7
176.31.115.196:25569;ColtPVP
198.20.109.29;Kronex
mc.adept-network.com;The Adept Network
unitedprisonmc.com;UnitedPrison
plagueprison.nn.pe:25567;Plague Prison
209.105.244.115;Poomcraft Pixelmon
63.143.50.38:25567;Serva
play.mrcookies.co.uk;JFDSNet
185.38.148.30:25587;RealmKraft
mc.teamdrd.com;TeamDRD | PVP | Factions | CRACKED |
82.145.58.204;Timber
zenakoid.ca;Zenakoid
mc.sgcpvp.net;sgcpvp.net
88.150.171.156;SkyMineServerz (Paintball) (Survival)
Firstgenerationmc.noip.me:8000;Forgotten Cities
morganmc.org;MorganMC SMP
209.105.238.45;Enders OP Prison
107.3.104.13:25564;Troys lost Battalion PvP
webshock.fluctis.com;Webshock
play.hahanetwork.net;HaHa Network (Beta)
198.144.179.231;Dos Flamingos
play.choicecraft.net;play.choicecraft.net
theminers.co.uk;The Miners
69.175.47.124;OreHunters
198.24.178.122:25567;Towny Crafters 2.0
swungsword.com;swungsword
69.195.148.163;MothCraft
EpicCloudMC.Com;EpicCloudMC
mc.sgcpvp.net;SGCPvP
198.143.142.139;InfernoPVP
NoobCraftMC.net;NoobCraft
nyalonplays.com;NyalonCraft
217.210.20.74;SWEgame
mc.ruinscraft.net;RuinsCraft
SpiralNetwork.tk;SpiralNetwork
play.legendary-nw.net;legendarynetwork
185.28.188.174:29296;Eagle Gaming
184.164.152.170:49292;Minecraft GodPvp
176.31.126.99:25567;Mine Games
194.105.153.207;MineGun
184.95.39.131;MonkeyCraft
pigcrafters.mcserver.ws;PigCrafters
SkyWarsMC.net;Skywars 
minebattle.com;Minebattle
envyprison.net;Envy Prison
mc.St0rm.net;St0rm.net
mc.thedrugcity.com;THE DRUG CITY
www.ps-pvp.com;Poisonous PvP
mc13.serverminer.com:25843;FunnyTomCrew SURVIVAL
dcwarfare.mcpro.co:26185;DC Warfare
87.98.195.44:25865;Paradize Island
mc.opprisonescape.us:47241;Op Prison Escape
213.22.51.38;Minecraft Top server
213.22.51.38;2014 UltimateCraft
novaexplorer.mcph.co:52366;nova explorer
209.105.244.124;MineCurse
jogar.pocketuniverse.com.br;Minecraft PocketUniverse
198.20.73.212;LectroPvP
178.32.147.53;GlobalAge
Galacticraft.co;Galacticraft
play.swemine.com;NTraid RPG Survival Server
cloud-pvp.mcpro.co;CloudPVP
SkyPlex.eu;SkyPlex
mc.exgm.org;ExclusiveGaming
monkeyprison.net;MonkeyPrison
mc.VardenCraft.org;VardenCraft
pvp.rysecraft.net;RyseCraft
mc.publiclir.se;publiclir
opminewars.us.to;Op Chicken
198.24.168.226:31191;Lightning Craft
pvp.thearchon.net;TheArchon
freemine.de;Freemine
mc.icemind.net;ICEmind Network
78.46.97.248;Frozen Flames 
play.pitforge.com;Pitforge
162.244.167.31:25850;Contravility
37.187.135.28;the danish server
192.210.236.25:25665;Tons of Buns
mc.saadbye.dk:25590;Greek Mythology server
gametime.game.nfoservers.com;Devils Syndicate
mc.eternalcraft.com;EternalCraft 
kitpvp.withereye.net;WitherEye KitPvP
88.150.171.156;SkyMineServerz (Paintball) (skyblock)
minecraft.rmtweb.co.uk;RMTWeb
pigcrafters.mcserver.ws;Pig Crafters
treyjenk5.aternos.me;Trey Survival Server
play.darkraids.net;DarkRaids
gumsurvival.mcserver.ws;GumSurvival
pvp.dogeraids.net;DogePrison
play-casacraft.net;CasaCraft
69.175.105.211;Dermcraft
mc.devmine.org;DevMine Survival
162.216.99.2:25567;Astronautical Hub
server.thebigdigmc.info;The Big Dig
play.opblazekraft.org;OP BlazeKraft Prison
mc.SoulMC.de;SoulMc.de
icepvp.mcpro.co;IcePvP
MCMinecraftia.hosthorde.net;Minecraftia Hub
2.104.157.7;Micsis minecraft
play.legacyminecraft.org;Universecraft
UTC.serverminer.com;UTC
www.updawg.org;UPDAWG
pvp.6sidedworld.com;6SidedWorld
eden.ddns.net;Eden Universe Prison
198.20.111.189;MCRetronix
server.minosservers.nl:29052;MINOS
198.27.68.217:25600;Stealth Stream Gaming PvP/PvE/MiniGames
192.169.44.8:25585;Baldurs Gate
silver-deserts.hobbeshost.com;Silver Deserts
minecraft.phanact.com;Phancraft
minecraftCf.Com;MinecraftCF.Com
mc.pixeldex.org;PixelDex
eliteenemy.mcserver.ws;Elite Enemy
216.244.73.66;TecnoLand
pvp.netrocraft.com;NetroCraft
play.beastmc.com;BeastMC (need help building hub)
c.mc-mega.org;Megacraft
188.212.100.186;SickLands Crafting
solidmine.net;SolidMine Network
play.dawnfirerealms.net;DawnFire Realms - Somnium
mc.muttycraft.net;MuttyCraft
asurvivalserver.mcserver.ws;A Survival Server
23.235.232.114:27067;overcraft
216.120.248.137;Focilleat
109.169.12.213;MineBuild
5.255.85.214:26262;Skin Survival
jogar.planetacraft.com.br;GugasCraft
mc.somnusrealms.com;Somnus Realms
198.24.171.30;XbrosMC Survival
198.24.180.210:25868;Pirate Craft
pixel.gamerswell.com;Official GamersWell Pixelmon Server
licencetomine.tritonone.com;Licence to Mine
c3.lionhost.org:27021;Ultracore
RoamMC.com;Roam
213.239.202.156:25584;Fallen Kingdom
198.143.146.205;KraynickCraft
nobilitycraft.com;NobilityCraft
109.169.58.42;DivinePVP
mc.arda-craft.com;ArdaCraft
mc.mcwarside.com;McWarside
thenexusmc.net;thnexusmc.net
37.187.139.127:31121;NinjacraftUHC Public Server
mc.forgegaming.net;Forge Gaming Minecraft
mc.fjorapinnen.com;Fjorapinnen
209.188.2.66:25824;Pixel Galaxy
assassincraft.hosthorde.net;AssassinCraft
198.27.76.136;Spirits of the Sky
polandcraft.org;Polandcraft
minecraft.eudia-webber.eu; minecraft eudia server
108.170.3.178;PurePvP
mined.nu;MinedCraft
93.91.250.137:27530;Prometeus
apocatrazprison.mcpro.co:49186;Apocatraz
durbindungeon.mine.nu;The Durbin Dungeon
99.106.183.150;OpSurvival
mc.fadepvp.com;FadePvP
play.summit-craft.net;Summit Craft
buildatnight.com;BuildatNight
us.ggservers.net;GGServers
s.minevolt.com;Minevolt Towny
minepro.servegame.com;SmiteCraft Creative
Kofs.Dgsc.dk;Kingdom of Sanctuary
mc.kaizen-worlds.net;Kaizen Worlds
46.253.196.19:25765;UltraCraft
godsrealm.mcserver.ws;Gods Realm
Legacy-Mc.Net;LegacyMc
99.106.183.150;OPSurvival
96.127.165.20:25567;SurvivorsEdge Minigames
23.235.227.186:25585;Imaginarium Empire
lost-echo.mcpro.co;Lost x Echo
Biocraft.co;Paradise
mc.craft-rp.net;Craft Networks
craftworldpvp.no-ip.org;Sexcraft1
hub.blayzepvp.com;philcraft1
aston-css.co.uk;ACSS
darknessprison.com;DarknessPrison
77.111.244.219;LegendaryBirds
192.99.44.71;Survival Craft
s29.hosthorde.com:25727;MINDCRAFTUK
mctraveler.eu;MC Traveler
192.99.21.71:25623;Voidcraft KitPvP  NEW
Play.TeamExtremeMc.com;tomking
stabpvp.mcpro.co;stabpvp
193.111.140.194:25632;Abadoucraft
EpicCloudMC.com;EpicCloudMC
198.24.178.170:43295;YellowhatPvP
play.primeprison.us;Prime prison
DiamondCraftMC.co.vu;DiamondCraft Economy/Factions
minecraft.glaciergaming.co.uk;Glaciercraft
kitpvp.withereye.net;WitherEye KitPvP
198.24.172.61;SquadCraft
108.170.38.154;PotatoCraft
worldofbolivia.no-ip.biz;World of Bolivia
skyblock.teohr.com;SKYBLOCK
pixlepvp.mc-srv.com:55744;PixlePvP
Herobrine.us;Herobrine.us
192.99.21.71:25623;Voidcraft Factions ALL NEW
23.235.232.84;BreakingBlocks 24/7
198.23.148.73:25765;Amoroth
ollioddi.dk;Ollioddi World DK
66.85.128.90;Optimum Craft 
playgb.net;Gameblade Network - GTA
23.31.83.58:20000;Pharcyde Gaming
198.24.170.138;ChargedCreepers
198.27.99.89;OminousPie
184.95.34.98:25763;DeadlyFire
play.EcoVille.biz;EcoVille 2.0
play.TitanReach.net;Titan Reach
adv.justiscraft.com;Justiscraft
198.24.184.202:62691;ResidentPvP
AversionCraft.mcserver.ws;AversionCraft
Phantomkits.mcpro.co;PhantomKits
mc.webbcraft.co.uk;The Mushroom Co. Survival
EndeRGoD.nn.pe:25605;EnDeRGoDPvP
mc.spit-fire.us;the spit fire network
23.235.232.56:25917;Legendary Craft
77.111.207.56;Born To Survive
platincreeper.de;Platincreeper
play.oblivionmc.info;OblivionsMC
162.221.194.4;Rubycraft Factions
188.212.100.154;Block.sqlm.ro
BamboPvp.mcpro.co;BambooPvp
46.105.151.106;|ShadowCove Skyblock|MobArena|
198.143.142.237;EliteFactionsPvPCraft
MineLeague.com;MineLeague Network
tancraft.dyndns.org:38949;TanCraft
play.blazedpvp.net;BlazedPvP
crushedpixel.eu;CrushedPixel PvP Minigames
108.170.3.146:28348;HobosCraft
moab.epiccloudmc.com;Moab Prison
192.210.238.19:25765;Skycraft
69.162.68.78;NightMare
A304.net;A304.net Survival 2.0
144.76.176.48:25604;DeltaCraft
mc.apocgaming.org:7850;APOC BTeam
mc.apocgaming.org:7851;APOC YogsCast Complete
198.24.134.122:30036;Sigma Realms
mc.darkcraft.org;DarkCraft
palikkamine.net;Palikkamine
rhythmpvp.com;OP kits
pvp.crustyraids.net;Crusty Factions (Network)
Skill4Craft.minecraft-mania.fr:31723;Skill4Craft
192.210.234.61:25765;DaZos Realms
198.143.154.44;lions3316
mc.preyorpray.co.uk;DayZ PreyorPray 
prison.bossservers.com;BossHub
hub.pvpsmash.com;pvpsmash
yoitsnet.com;YoItsNet Faction PVP 
lethalitycraft.no-ip.org;Lethality
99.231.89.220;Players Democracy of Altropolis
37.187.29.204:26463;THEGOD
kingdomcomeserver.no-ip.info;Kingdom Come Server
198.23.148.184:25765;Shadowrealm
198.24.164.113;AgencyCraft
192.99.18.80:25758;Trinity Craft
198.178.127.66:25897;Frost MC Prison
67.212.177.141;The Covert
play.stainmc.com;GoodMC
178.63.18.151:25567;GunpowderPVP
188.165.250.142:25599;Four Elements Gaming
myrescape.com;Myrescape | 24/7 | No lag | Factions
mc.fancycraftserver.net:25645;Fancycraft
play.galaxymc.net;GalaxyMC
home.beaverdam.net;towncraft
67.202.109.101;New Server WE Need Builders
XionixMC.gamename.net:25706;Xionix MC
mc.vanillagalaxy.net:25574;Vanilla Galaxy
thefoxbox.beastmc.com;The Fox Box
play.blizzardreborn.com;BlizzardCraft
Mineaqua.es;Mineaqua
mc.hardmc.lt;HardMC.LT Gaming network
162.221.193.227:25677;WyCraft
rangercraft.mcph.co;RangerCraft
mc.matt-craft.co;MattCraft
skga.me;Skydoesminecraft
mc.freedomrealms.com;Freedom Reamls
176.31.110.18:25571;Wherecraft FTB Launcher Crack on
play.abagaming.com;ABA Gaming
AlienPvP.mchero.net;AlienPvP
162.223.9.227;NinjaRealmzFactions
lim.nonsanity.com;Liminality
siphmc.net;SiphMC Raid Faction
mc.craftuniverse.net;Craft Universe
172.245.33.87;UltimateSurvival
74.124.13.41;rainiedragon
WolfRealms.org;Wolf Realms
multicraftpvp.com;MultiCraft
Play.PvPNation.com;PvP Nation 
mc-wars.org;McWars
pvp.thearchon.net;QuakePro.MC
mc9.fadehost.com:25761;Knockout Crafters
join.townyminions2.com;TownyMinions
77.111.195.205;Duckcraft
MCSkyNet.pl;MCSkyNet.pl
192.227.132.201:25665;Exoudus
192.99.44.123:25670;FarCraft
pvp.extronus.net;Extronus
mc.moneytreegames.net;MoneyMon a pixelmon server
unitedprisonmc.com;United Prison
play.GTAMC.net;Give me the op item
MC-EM.com;emenbee realms
play.goldenappleserver.org:26133;Golden Apple Servers
gommehd.net;Minebuild
factions.bukkit.nl;addictcraft
MintyFresh.beastnode.net;MintyFresh
5.62.113.196;DeathCraft1001
jellycraft.mcpro.co;JellySurvival
m.pwnmc.info;PwnMC | Factions | Skyblock | Creative
Overkill.HcRaid.com;OverRaid
198.24.155.250:55893;ShockcraftKitpvp
192.95.29.110:25716;JabraxCraft
65.60.0.185;CraftStarz PVP Factions
169.249.170.11:25588;Pixelmon Adventure Server
mcdiamondfire.com;Diamond Fire
misfitcraft.no-ip.org;Misfitcraft
WZT.Minecraft-Romania.com;WZT Minecraft Romania
platinumcraft-mc.mcpro.co:29331;PlatinumCraft
play.wouterplanet.com;Kevin Land
Superdigital.mcpro.co;SuperDigital
hc.serverminer.com;HardcoreCraft
rodentcraft.rottenrodents.com;RodentCraft
MC.WheelchairApocalypse.com;Wheelchair Apocalypse
play.infinicraft.net;Infini Network
CraftedMC.dmch.nl;CraftedMC
bocabuzon.fluctis.com:25725;WhiterCraft
mc.spit-fire.us;the spit fire network
primacraft-pvp.com;Primacraft LOTR
PixelmonTurkiye.nitrado.net;PixelmonTurkiye
198.20.127.75;Legacy PVP
mocreatures.pl;mocreatures.pl
46.4.84.8:25582;beastpvp
Chimeraprison.com;Chimera Prison
65.60.0.176;ShamCraft
198.20.127.75;LegacyPvP
Mc.theninjapvp.com;NinjaPvP 
ssmithers.dyndns.org;minecraft server
198.20.68.40;The Third Realm
198.50.174.247;SoulPvP
108.170.61.34;FrostMC
37.157.241.132;VipSCraft
play.wildcraftersmc.com:25577;WildCraftersMC
PowerRaids.com;PowerRaids
redzonecraft.net;RedZoneCraft
DivinityCraft.dyndns.org;DivinityCraft
198.143.150.149;Animetrix
162.218.116.179;J.T FactionCraft
77.111.244.182;GreenIslandPT
prison.archae.info;Archae Prison
108.166.179.37;FireCraft
eu.lightpvp.net;LightPvP
opprison.rustycraft.net;Rusty Craft Op Prison
play.portalcade.net;PortalCade
ecmc.gg;newbcraft
mcscbb.com;mcscbb.com
mc.imperiumpvp.com;ImperiumPvP
us.hypernetwork.co;Hyper Network
198.8.95.3;MCVial
eu.mineplex.com;samramtini1
play.engineeringparks.us;Cedar Parks MC
s.mineaholix.com;Mineaholix AU
23.235.232.94:43824;TPG Craft
mc.thunder-uk.co.uk;ThunderUK
192.99.44.75:25608;TJG Network
198.12.127.86;PrisonMC
NovaHub.org;NovaHub
play.diamondshaft.com:2787;Diamond Shaft Factions
play.mineground.com;Mineground the best server
75.127.11.171;ZetaCraft12014
75.127.11.171;ZetaCraft20144
empires.rsmc.eu;RoaringScotsman Empires
donorcraft.com;DonorCraft
donorcraft.com;donorcraft
mc.stratoblock.us;StratoBlock
pvp.rogueslimez.net;PvP.RogueSlimez.net
mc001.gamecloud.co:25747;Gatecraft
mc.antvenom.com;The AntVenom Server Network
23.235.226.234:25614;qataricraft
173.199.79.61:25575;Kingdoms
mc.helt.biz:25665;Sebs Server
72.249.124.183:25665;Benevolent Gaming
frostbite.mcpro.co;OP Factions FrostBite
mc.modestymc.net;ModestyMC
198.154.102.130;Avalon Server
162.216.97.2;Dredcors Server
mc.KTJx2.com;KTJx2Craft
play.arkanth.com;Arkanth
75.127.11.171;ZetaCraft22014
superepicawesomeness.com;S.E.A.M.S 
mc.thiswased.com;AWE Minecraft Server
MSC-Hub.beastmc.com;MSC Hub
mc.gunrealms.com;GunRealms
176.9.22.4:25578;MineZedFactions
stormcraft.ga;stormcraft
Khaozpvp.com;KhaozPvP
178.63.18.151;Iridicraft
mc.slakers.net;Slakers Gaming Community
mc.solidminecraft.com;Solid Minecraft
simplysurvival.beastmc.com;Simply Survival
play.mcunderground.us;MC Underground
play.illuminalpvp.com;IlluminalPvP
cloudcraft.mcserver.ws;CloudCraft
play.WorldsofMC.com;WorldsofMC
MC.BlazingFactions.Com;BlazingCraft
hub.justincraft.co.vu;JustinCraft Network
162.223.8.164;Equestrian Adventure
kermitcraft.mcpro.co:25736;Kermit Craft
play.namelesscraft.net;NamelessCraft
37.59.69.73;Hybrid Universe
198.24.141.66:26684;Bad Blue Gaming
pvp.blayzepvp.com;SquishPvP
37.59.192.214;Nova Verse
188.40.132.200:25569;EplicFire Faction
184.95.42.170:43300;Hockeystar1970 Survival Server
184.95.42.170:43300;Hockeystar1970 Survival Server
sf.buildercraft.info;BuilderCraft Sky Factory
play.mctitan.cz;MC Titan
renaissancecraft-mc.net;RenaissanceCraft
minetron.us;MineTron Server
198.143.137.119;Emerald Factions Inc
Minez.us;MineZ
198.24.180.210:25868;Blue Flare
playgangstacraft.tk:25809;Gangstacraft
77.111.250.37;SunnyVale
historycraft.fr;Hystorycraft
184.164.75.140;The Central
lifecraft.fr;steyssurvie
Play.faptuscraft.net;FaptusCraft
mc.legacyminers.com:35847;Legacy Miners 
unitedprisonmc.com;unitedmc
starmc.mcpro.co:25680;StarMC
Play.Bosscraftmc.us;Bosscraft Network
play.ultimatemc.us;UltimateMC
castlespire.mcph.co:48710;CastleSpire
198.143.150.94;Andrewcraft
s.game-c.eu;s.game c.eu
198.24.162.90:25643;Aio PvP
pixelnet.nn.pe:25598;PixelNet (FTB monster)
play.flarepvp.mcpro.co;FlarePvP
play.ohmslawserver.com;Ohmslaw Server
ConnectCraft.tv;ConnectCraft.tv
20.mcserver.org;PokElite
206.217.132.250;dabosskitpvp
198.23.247.166;The Void
46.4.88.164;CraftyCraft
192.210.236.174:25665;MaMinecraft
77.111.203.55;Dwarven Kingdom Modded Utopia ATL
mc.kreeperpvp.com;Kreeperpvp
cubedmc.eu;CubedMC
playmcmp.com;xmeminecraft
mc.laponica.ca;Laponica 
162.213.42.184:25607;JubleCraft
mccritz.com;McCritZ
ramenpvp.mcpro.co;RamenPVP
198.24.166.53;DragonCraft
mc.pokeballers.com;Pixelmon Pokeballers
crazyswag.mcpro.eu:25555;CrazyCraft
74.124.13.41;Rainiedragon
mc.audifypvp.us;Audify PvP
198.8.95.170;ModdedCraft
82.145.63.117;PixelCC Server
mc.rune-magic.net;RuneMagic
cadia.co;Awesome Server
nerdcraft.mcnode.net;NerdCraft
valcraft.net;Valcraft
75.127.11.171;ZetaCraft201444
184.95.50.146:60335;xXEliteSniper2Xx
prisonrush.org;PrisonRush
exodiacraft.net;Exodiacraft
hub.sr-sg.net;Nexus Survival Games
162.223.9.31;ForgottenMC
mc.xetcraft.net;XetCraf | Survival | PvP | Factions 
77.111.244.63;HighSky
original-gamers.net;originalgamers
irawebster.com;TheBaconSammich
118.244.232.240;DoumiaoCraft
74.91.124.33;CelebCraft
69.175.43.18;Pixelmon oragins
88.150.171.224;FintCraft
198.24.182.194:62725;craftbox.mcpro.co
playpmc.no-ip.info;Project Masscraft
108.166.174.189;Pokemon Chalo
mc.stumc.eu;StuMC
play.extremopro.com:25656;ExtremoPro
198.24.155.250:55893;ShockcraftSurvial
mc.kingdomblood.net;kindomblood
108.170.18.10:25900;IvoryPvp
198.27.99.87;MineMetor.com
198.49.65.27;PristinePvP
mc.mygame.pt;MyGame.pt
play.elzoo.es;ElZoo
diggin.beastmc.com;The Official Diggin Server
23.235.233.72;The Chiggys
axblade.net;Minecraft Paintball - AxBlade Paintball
162.223.9.210:25570;ProxyGamingServer
198.49.66.100;EpicYCraft
mc.vaecile.com;Vaeciles Community CraftBukkit Server
vanilla.ftbees.com;FTBees Vanilla
unleashed.ftbees.com;FTBees Unleashed
mindcrack.ftbees.com;FTBees Mindcrack
monster.ftbees.com;FTBees Monster
172.245.215.220;Craftmania
64.31.51.235;InfinityPrison
184.95.42.202:33978;CM Gaming
WayPVP.tk;WayPVP  MiniGames And PVP
Sporkcraft.mymc.io;SporkCraft
184.164.77.132;ToastyPvP
192.210.233.141;OverWRITTENPVP
206.217.139.72:25665;LIVEMinecraftGaming
192.210.233.141;OverWRITTENPVP
khaozpvp.com;khaozpvp
mc.xtremeidiots.com:25594;Xtremeidiots.com
65.60.0.151;Taco Nacho Survival
mc.noff.co;Nofftopia
darkagesurvival.net;Dark Age Survival
178.63.18.151:25567;GunpowderPVP
mc.noregcraft.tk;NoregCraft
mc.wizpvp.com;WizardPVP
play.planet-craft.net;planetcraft
109.169.58.28;TryHardsCraft (EN) (DK)
188.212.100.57;UltraGamers
discantcraft.net;DiscantCraft
CraftTheArrow.fr;CraftTheArrow
play.wynncraft.com;Wynncraft
198.24.185.82:43392;SoulEaterFactions
play.robotic-craft.com;Robotic-Craft
play.mcnext.net;MC Next
play.skymomc.net;Skymomc
pvp.realcraft.org.uk;RealCraft
s3.hosthorde.com:25658;ExpiredNetwork
play.mcnext.net;Mcnext
CappiCraft.beastmc.com;CappiCraft
162.221.193.100;YoshieCraft
192.210.233.141;OverWRITTENPVP
ice.mcpro.co;Ice Craft Network
198.143.139.103;LucidCraft
mc.SGCPvP.net;sgcpvp
192.99.21.107;vG Towny iconomy voteroulette McMMO
noname.mine.bz;The No Name Server 
piterka.pl;MC4U
77.111.208.31;Crankz Craft
109.169.12.213;MineBuild
37.187.141.115:26072;BDCraft
pvp.rings.co.il;PVP Rings
ArgusCraft.mcserver.ws;ArgusCraft
mc.theninjapvp.com;thaawesomeninja
planetpvp.apexminecraft.com;PlanetPVP
mc.se7endeadlysinz.com;Se7eN Deadly Sinz PVP
play.GTAMC.net;Grand Theft Auto
172.245.215.218;KTA (KrypticTechAdventure)
mc.pokeballers.com;pokeballers
63.143.45.174;PunishmentCraft
darcraft.net;DarCraft
198.24.170.170:31638;Swords and stones
mc.ianyoun.co;Ian Craft 
play.skygins.net;Skygins
23.235.233.64:56987;MagicBending avatar server
69.175.24.133;Stewpid Comedy
hub.teamirishmc.net:25580;TeamIrish
78.143.11.146;German/English Roleplay Server
shadow.mcservers.gr;ShadowCraft
mc.minehard.com.ar;Minehard
mc.exylecraft.com;Exylecraft Towny Factions MGs Pirata
mc.minecraftplanetearth.com;MinecraftPlanetEarth
216.135.68.230:25571;HazeCraft
olimpo.me;olimocraft
108.170.14.146;InfernoCraft
play.ecocraft.us;EcoCraft
hub.ecb-mc.net;Zombies
play.GTAMC.net;Morningside Minecraft
pigfactions.mcpro.co;Pig Factions
play.velocitymc.org;VelocityMC
mc.snapcraft.net;Snapcraft
survival.pnbgaming.com;Pick n Block Survival Minecraft
play.vampirecraft.com;Vampirecraft
emeraldcraft.net;Emeraldcraft
play.rhaegals-nest.com;Rhaegals Nest
icesword.fr;icesword
anes.devcream.com;Anes Server
5.39.49.0:25917;TheVoxcrafts Official Server
cosmosminecraft.net;CosmosMinecraft
mc.purefek.com;PureFeK.com
mc-hg.com;Minecraft PvP
cosmosminecraft.net;CosmosMinecraft
mc-hg.com;mc-hg
75.127.11.119;mineBach
skorjacraft.minecraft.to;Skrojacraft
mc.divermine.tk;divermine
77.111.242.60;xPartyMon
crazyscraft.mcph.co;Crazy Craft 2.0
razercraft.us.to;Razercraft
sportsquid.fluctis.com:25865;Sportsquid network
162.223.9.184;Gigaworld
pvp.mzcraft.net;MzCraft Server
85.190.145.107;LL-Media
198.23.130.185;SGC Craft
77.111.247.223;PstraCraft
87.117.246.221;TPG
hub.suchminecraft.com;SuchMinecraft
88.150.171.139;LegatyCraft
Insaneprison.com;Insane Prison
mc.720pony.info:25604;720ponys Creative Server
n5.csrv.pl:15770;ShinraWorld
carnivalcraft.beastmc.com;Carnival Craft
mc.worldcraft.join-srv.net:25996;World Craft
Aeroprison.com;Aeroprison
108.170.54.83;IntoxicatePvP
n9.csrv.pl:23097;PVP Games PL
mc.minevast.com;MineVast
192.99.20.171:25555;noreliaArcade
cosmosminecraft.net;CosmosMinecraft
smp.esrock.net;Esrock
mc.mysteriousprison.co.vu:25634;MysteriousPrison
play.zincbox.net;ZincBox
blockheads.mcnode.net;blockheads
192.184.13.206;Dark Haven PVP
royalwars.mcpickle.com;RoyalWars
PLAY.MCPC.CO;Pixelcraft - Economy
mcvikingcraft.com;VikingCraft Factions
71.207.215.55;HungryCraft
MegaMiners.tk;Mega Miners
pokerevolution.net;PokeRevolution
play.sirbomble.com;SBCraft
play.exoterramc.com;ExoTerraMC
play.legitplay.net;legitplay
176.227.192.38;Ender Charge
ssmithers.dyndns.org;LittlePiggy Network
66.85.165.170:25930;XGoldCraft
diamondspvp.net;DiamondsPvP
23.235.233.18;OlympicPvP
mc.gulchpvp.us;GulchPVP
198.20.111.236;PRISON 21 | Economy | BEST PRISON
pigcrafters.net;Skyblock
pigcrafters.net;Skyblock factions
108.170.5.66;TurboCraft
pugsx.co.uk;Play It For Less Craft
108.170.54.83;HydaPvP
192.210.230.163;Cactus factions
85.236.101.90:30265;Multiplay Awesome craft
209.148.93.28:25733;CityCraft - Harbor Way Server 
hub.cyborn.org;Cyborn Network|OP-PRISON|FACTIONS|KITPVP
23.235.227.186:43031;Catalyst Factions
mc.arthaxpvp.com;ArthaxPvP
209.188.12.210:39334;BendWCraft
gtamc.net;GTAMC
gcservers.net;GCServers
play.octopia.net;Octopia - Towny
us.pvpdojo.com;PvPDojo
mc.hansenonline.net;Supernaturals & RPs
mc.causticcraft.com;CausticCraft
mcp-mcs.com;MCP-MCS.com
mc.thegrimserver.com;TheGrimServer
mc.mineagepvp.com;crismate
mcpvp.com;mcpvp
46.4.101.163:25571;CoDaCRAFT
85.236.101.90:30265;WildCraft
FantasyPrison.tk;FantasyPrison
play.mczawk.com;McZawk
play.Titanreach.net;Titan Reach
server.skylitgaming.co.uk;Skylit Networks
mc.xviperlink.com;Crafting Empire Network
lolnet.co.nz;Lolnet
Sp-mc.net;Dragon87
unitedcraft-mc.net;United Craft Network
203.57.45.17;mining oz
192.95.30.139;Lost Nations
184.164.152.170:49292;kings-of-pvp
Biomegames.mc-srv.com:25724;Biome Games
tg.tash-gaming.co.uk;Tash-Gaming Survival
64.34.89.137;FranticOpPrison
184.95.42.202:33978;CM Gaming
188.212.100.226;Hub.Ranked.Ro
PlayOrigin.nn.pe:25588;Play Origin
Cats.serveMinecraft.net;EliteCraft
198.24.167.210:25863;TKPCraft
mc.olympusonline.co;Olympus Online
minecrown.mcpro.co;MineCrown
vanilla.sverrecraft.com;Sverrecraft vanilla
188.212.100.50;Cactus Craft
WarCry.4minecraft.de;WarCry
185.16.84.47:25665;CobbleCore-Craft
Play.SeekPvP.Com;SeekPvP
play.city-craft.net;CityCraft
107.167.86.205;junkcraft
Zelos.vgmc.us;Zelos
mc-war.com;Raid Craft
198.143.154.141;TattieCraft
198.50.161.104;CorruptedGaming
mc.risingheroes.org;Rising Heroes
play.phanaticmc.com;XPinoyCraftX
94.23.227.183:25571;Diamond Harbour
198.24.164.162;SolidStateGaming
chaoticprison.org;Luisa Estrada
DominationNation.nn.pe:25591;Domination Nation
DominationNation.nn.pe:25591;Domination-Nation
mc.kaoscraft.co.uk;KaosCraft - Hub - Towny - Faction
176.31.205.198;DarkcraftPVP hub  server
188.138.98.88:26065;adventurebeast
SquareRealms.com;SquareRealms.com
zemptacraft.net;ZemptaCraft.net
mc.incasofemergency.com;IncanCraft
tfoc.wifld.com;The Fun Of Crafting
cosmosminecraft.net;CosmosMinecraft
play.aeropvp.com;AeroPvP
mc.omnicraft.net;Omnicraft
mineca.de;Minecraft_Life
mc.alohacraft.net;Alohacraft
darkcloud.mcserver.ws;DarkCloud
37.187.143.19:25595;LoKraft
185.9.107.76;McZockerTime
play.daedwin.net;Myths of Daedwin
Hub.DiaThor.net;DiaThor Network
185.16.85.26:26165;DracarysPvP
62.141.42.210:25630;Chiliria
mc.TheButterCraft.com;TheButterCraft Server
mc.minejoin.com:25748;GreenStone
77.111.250.227;Pixel-Mania
play.minecraftcontinuum.com;Minecraft Continuum
snapcraft.net;snapcraft
play.rasormc.net;RasorMC
play.UprisingMC.net;Uprising Network
world-civ.com;WorldCiv | RPG | World Map
home.outlandcraft.com;OutlandCraft V2.0
mc-endgameserver.com;Game End
mcfoxcraft.com;Battlefield 4 Servers
elmscraft.beastmc.com;elmscraft
85.190.167.106;EnchantCraft
mc.tropicalcraft.eu;TropicalPVP
198.24.167.194:46305;FireRealmFactions
mc.combat-network.net;Experion Network
5.255.85.206:29081;GeenGamezz
play.radicalpvp.net;RadicalPvP - Factions-Survival-PvP
178.32.88.187;CastleWarCraft
66.85.165.170:25930;OutLawsOpPrison
the-wild.hopto.org;The-Wild
littlekits.info;Littlekits 2
pixelmon-minequest.no-ip.info;Pixelmon-minequest
SurgePvP.com;SurgePvP
br.mc-hg.com;MCPVP
play.radicalpvp.net;RadicalPvP
radcraft.us;RADCraft
MC.RainbowDerp.com;RainbowDerp
ssmithers.dyndns.org;LittlePiggy Network
pigcrafters.net;PigCraft
Asylumprison.net;Asylum Prison
213.239.204.109:25603;UnlimitedMinecraft Economy
184.154.107.244;GuopCraftGamers
server.jupitercraft.com;JupiterCraft
urprison.com;UrPrison
162.223.9.227;BATTLE FEST TOURNEY
my-minecraft.net;my-minecraft
mu.mcpro.co;Miners United Network
23.235.232.56:25898;HgFactions
mc.great5.de;Great5  
opchicken.net;OP CHICKEN
server1.miccraft.com;24/7 Miccraft Survival Server
mc.rencorner.com;Rencorner
arcanum.craftnode.me;Arcanum
mc.antvenom.com;AntVenom
druglife.eu;Drug Life
mc.XenicCraft.net;XenicFactions
nznetwork.co.nz;NZnetwork
Turismopvp.com;TurismoPvP
eu.mc-hg.com;hg
s18.hosthorde.com:25625;UnionCraft
progaming.beastmc.com;ProGaming
ownagepvp.beastmc.com;OwnagePVP
play.nearpvp.com;NearPvP Network
thecrafterslegion.net;Official Crafters Legion Server
Minemee.com;Minemee.com
play.RainKraft.com;RainKraft
play-buildcraft.net;BuildCraft
pvp.Desteria.com;Desteria
pvp.Desteria.com;Desteria
SaquhCraft.mcpro.co;SaquhCraft  
sv.traicioncraft.com;Traicioncraft Premium
yourule.in;YouRule.in
lonesurvivor.no-ip.org:30048;Lone Survivor
185.28.189.138:25805;Brocraft
mexicankingdom.mcph.co;Mexican Kingdom Server 
mtcraft.fluctis.com:25581;MTcraft
37.120.189.107;Boulder-Crashes
89.39.13.91;Addicted2 Minecraft
108.170.45.146:25652;ThePower
pigcrafters.net;Factions Skyblock
snazzycraft.net;SnazzyCraft
pigcrafters.net;Skyblock Factions
mc.seacraft.co;Seacraft
144.76.239.48;SforCraft.pl
play.aemservers.net;AEM Network
mc.voidprison.com;VoidPrison
PurePvP.ca;PurePvP 
play.primalcraft.net;Primalcraft
MC.WheelchairApocalypse.com;Wheelchair Apocalypse
77.111.202.53;ChiftCraft
193.84.64.28;Cactus Craft
MineSerwer.pl;MineSerwer.pl
188.212.100.103;MonsterEnergy
mc.terracraft.ro;Terraria
67.202.109.99:25685;GoldenFaction
savage.land;Savage Land
orion.nn.pe:25578;The Orion Server
TimelessPvP.net;TimelessPvP.net
108.170.14.146;InfernoCraft
198.24.171.26:31822;TurtleCraft
starwarscraft.com;RomulusCraft
creeperturtle.mcpro.co;CreeperTurtle
76.164.215.43;DuckBoys
162.221.193.236;Pocraft
mc.hazardouspvp.com;HazardousPvP
192.99.32.196;DeathlyHallowsHP
SmallWorld.CodingTheWorld.com;Small World
107.6.174.93;Derismine
Noodle.banecraft.com;NoodlePvP
mc.luckyverse.net;LuckyVerse
caspercraft.com;caspercraft
brightwater.rocks;Brightwater
wiresserver.net;Wires Server
n1.csrv.pl;PieCraft
149.210.134.32;Burst Factions
198.27.97.77;ReactionPrison
198.27.97.77;ReactionPrison
198.27.97.77;ReactionPrison
198.143.142.154;AmazingCraft Gaming
85.190.131.53;Bukkit FUN Land Survival/Party Mode
play.pvpraiding.net;PvP Raiding 
play.crafters.no;Crafters
108.170.25.122;BladeCraft
209.188.2.66:25813;Beastcraft
198.24.162.90:25572;DecayedPvP Prison Server
RegalyCraftedUniverse.PlayAt.CH;Regal Craft Universe
109.169.58.47;ChavenCraft
ac.d-host.net;Acutecraft
mc.znetx.org;Z Gaming
destocraft.mc.secureminer.com;DestoCraft
23.235.230.89;37soccerboss-Entertainment
play.mc-thecave.com;TheCave
obsidianwars.mcpro.co;ObsidianWars
mc.eclat.lv;eclat.lv
172.245.34.227;KombatPvP
play.worldscapemc.com;WorldscapeMC
play1.betahost.nl:9018;lowpixels
omegarealm.com;omega realm
mc.hansenonline.net;Minetopia
108.178.35.251;RipSwag
play.giopvp.com;gio
minecraft.networkforums.net;MONSTERNETWORK ENHANCE
thrownalive.mcserver.ws;Thrown Alive
109.164.116.8;GStudioTV.cz
Z-PvP.tk;ZodiacPvP
192.99.20.208:26088;SurvivalSeasons
mc.btcraft.org;The BTCraft Network
play.shadowcraft.me;Shadowcraft
108.60.220.67;RedemptionPVP
185.38.149.63;40six Worlds
voxelminigames.mymc.io;Voxel Minigames
play.shadowcraft.me;play.shadowcraft.me
hub.unknowncraft.co:25703;UnknownCraft
Ownage-PvP.MCPro.Co;Ownage-PvP
optimuscraft.beastmc.com;OptimusCraft
192.210.194.116:26065;Arcadian Dreams
94.23.211.77:25588;Nimbus
snw.io;Skyblock
144.76.196.9:25572;MCSV
172.245.31.56;AzoCraft
play.mc-hg.com;Hunger Games
ProximityKits.mcph.co:49368;iTrippyPvP
srv49.minecraft-mania.fr:27170;The Wisp
Minecore.mc-srv.com:25827;Minecore
srv45.minecraft-mania.fr:27788;CraftFail
75.102.46.73:25865;Minecraft Is Good
s49.hosthorde.com:25633;CloudyCraft
mc.pandalabsmc.com;PandaLabs MC Server
pixelmoncraft.com;pixelmoncraft_E
limehub.us;LimeHub
s27.hosthorde.com:25792;WinningCraft
192.99.44.131;The Epics
162.244.164.21:25862;DauntlessPvP
198.49.69.23;BumbleCraft
mc.dedicatedkits.net;DedicatedKits
mc.fortresswars.com;Fortress Wars
xincraftpvp.com;Xincraft
198.24.170.146:62699;Solstice Craft
mc.rut.org;Rut Minecraft
BLITZKITS.NET;BLITZKITS
play.talesofdertinia.com;Tales Of Dertinia
Bootcamp-mc.com;Boot Camp
gamingresearch.vortexservers.com;gamingresearch
198.24.167.210:25863;TKPCraft
mc.risingheroes.org;RisingHeroes
93.186.205.196;DracoonCraft
play.ultrafaction.tk;UltraFaction
mc.galaxypvp.co;The GalaxyPVP Network
MC.Adrundaal.de:25542;Adrundaal | German
play.mcpvp.com;mvpvp
op-clan.info;OverPowered Prison
prison.mineshine.net;Mineshine
Mc.Raidheaven.com;RaidHeaven
ninecraft.mhcraft.nl;Nines Craft
Lonewolves.net;LonewolvesPvP
MC.FearNetwork.Net:25566;FearPrison
mc.mineagepvp.com;Mineage
play.radiantmc.25u.com:26058;RadiantMC
mc.greatarchitect.us;GA-RPG
MoonCraft.Legonds.net;MoonCraft
108.174.60.68:25665;gkcraft
fullpvpers.mcpro.co;FullPVPers
185.28.189.138:25811;TidalRaid
server.themineshack.net;TheMineShack Network
Play.PrimalPrison.com;PrimalPrison
mclogin.enjin.com;jose
5.101.162.48;Terracraft
mc.acidpvp.net;AcidPVP
85.190.161.60;berkay_2400
vnlla.net;vnlla.net
198.143.157.92;ColorCraft
198.154.120.220;CCFactions and Minigames
208.115.245.195:26013;River Of Angels Asylum
108.166.190.61;Epic Craft
184.164.72.30;PackCraft
85.214.252.67;Block World
198.24.170.138:43053;House Arrest Gaming Official Server
198.143.142.134;PhelociaTraditionalFactions
108.60.220.67;FatalityPvP
mcsoup.mcpro.co;McSoup
162.223.9.189;WarZone PvP
198.20.179.139;Future Kingdoms
alcatrazopprison.us;Alcatraz Prison
play.hitmoncraft.co.uk;Hitmoncraft
mclightcraft.me;LightCraft Network
darksith.teh-server.com;Darksith MC Server
XCraftNation.com;X Craft Nation
spycraft.me;SpyCraft Network
BloodyPvP.beastmc.com;BloodyPvP
blockwizards.com:25567;Blockwizards
avengerspvp.tk;Avengers PvP
Play.McStateJail.com;McStateJail
bubblecraft.mymc.io;BubbleCraft
poke.zookenetwork.com;Zooke Pixelmon Server  W/Custom NPCs
op.blaze-prison.com;BlazePrison
Brutalplayground.Org;Brutal Playground Network
23.92.215.20;minecraftmaster  
76.164.210.70;PerplexaCraft
c-pvp.com;Core Raid | Factions | PVP | Raiding
TitanMc.net;Titan
TitanMc.net;Titan
mc.minebolt.com;Minebolt | Factions | Prison | KitPvP | 
play.mc-sg.org;MC-SG
198.20.99.66;Arvendawn
play.blockville.net;blockville
Penguins.mcserver.ws;PenguinCraft
23.226.69.74;Limitless MC
s22.hosthorde.com:25868;WorldOfCraft
mobstercraft.beastmc.com;Dominics
192.3.46.189;Crime PvP
198.50.177.5;Pradaria Craft
sv.highland-server.com;HighLand 2.0
streamercraft.mcpro.co;streamer craft
198.23.148.83:26065;Openmindcraft
198.20.109.75;OriginalPvPCraft
PhoenixOfLegend.mcpro.co:1;Phoenix Realm
mercoriez.servegame.com;mercoriez
pixelcraft.es;PixelCraft
185.28.188.128:27181;DestinyCraft
mc.dincraft.no;DinCraft
mc.nyd.lv;NYD Factions
pumpkinquest.net;minecraft server
McToxic.OverPlay.Ro;McToxic.Ro
statraid.com;Stat Raid Hub
gamingconviction.com;Gaming Conviction
insurrectionpvp.net;Insurrection PvP
obeliskgaming.net;Obelisk Gaming
107.178.98.222;MineShaft Arcade
play.poke-realms.org;Poke Realms Pixelmon Server
firecraft.org;Fire Craft/Dan craft
23.235.233.18;OlympicPVP
zanmc.com;ZanMC
play.hypercraftnl.nl:26729;HyperCraft
172.245.32.126;Slime-Craft
208.66.77.120; Bittersweetcraft  FREE VIP
162.245.2.46;Obsidiancraft 24/7
FoxCraft.minecraft.gs;FoxCraft
mc.absolutecraft.co.uk;AbsoluteCraft
heroicminecraft.beastmc.com;HeroicMC
mc.pieties.net;Pieties Server
mc.dark-forest.net;The Dark Forest
198.12.123.51;BorderNetwork HGKitPVP
cc.ggserv.co;ChiselCraft
play.worldofacheron.com;World of Acheron
AandAGaming.us;AandAGaming
185.28.188.128:27181;Destiny Craft
206.217.141.21;SniPezGamingServer
mc.wave.lv;wave.lv
heroicminecraft.beastmc.com;HeroicMC
109.169.12.160;Bleach RPG
198.50.204.107;cyclonemc
play.crazedpvp.com;SimplyYourDream
thenexusmc.net;Tednips
hivemc.eu;hello
itsconnor.mcnode.net:25570;Divergent
23.235.230.86;ZuluCraft
play.goldpvp.net;GoldPvP
mc.temptingmc.com;TemptingMC Network
198.12.116.215:25765;Vanillaish Survival
184.95.42.170;HayFire
twd-apocalypse.beastmc.com;The Walking Dead
minersleague.mcserver.ws;Miners League
factions.2si.me;lostincrafting-faction
mc.zarbcraft.ca;ZarbCraft
198.24.167.211;vortexmc
198.27.97.84;MasonCraft
184.95.61.122;The Epics MiniGames
59.167.135.191;Orange Creeper
safarigaming.mcph.co:25940;Safari Gaming
play.brickprison.com;BrickNetwork - Factions - Prison
podcraft.factions.ws;PodCraft
s.skyblockmc.de;SkyBlockMC
46.4.88.164:25569;GhostKingdom
46.4.88.164;Ghost Kingdom
172.245.208.135;LegenDairy Carft
213.239.202.156:25584;Fallen Kingdom
Biocraft.co;I am the King 
192.227.136.85;GamerOpolis
craftworldpvp.no-ip.org;CRAFTWORD
thespiritworld.mooo.com:11111;The Spirit World
mc.icemind.net;ICEmind 
creative.zenyth.us;Zenyth.US Creative
MarpleCraft.com:25585;MarpleCraft-Prison
play.legitplay.net;play.legitplay.net
192.95.7.200;SexyPandas NeedStaff
Mineshaftorigins.mcserver.ws;Mineshaft Origins
imaginemc.us.to;ImagineMC
192.210.232.117;XzedCraft
minecraft.technobuffalo.com;TechnoBuffalo Minecraft Server
192.210.228.28;EnchantmentCraft
MarpleCraft.com;MarpleCraft
mc.endeffectgaming.com;Ender Effect
198.24.175.42:35874;Scott And Katies Server
shadowlegacy.mcpro.co:31851;Shadow Legacy
mc.acidisland.net;AcidIsland
78.143.15.220; Minecraft FTW
144.76.182.242:33001;Olympus Gaming - FTB Monster
162.223.9.28;UltimateCraft
imperialhg.fluctis.com;ImperialHG
mc.slimypvp.net;SlimyPvP
strafin-pvp.beastmc.com;Strafin-Pvp
EliteEnemy.mcserver.ws;EliteEnemy
Shogunpvp.mcpro.co;shogunpvp
marplecraft.com;MarpleCraft
MarpleCraft.com;MarpleCraft Prison
marplecraft.com;MarpleCraft PRISON SERVER
heroicminecraft.beastmc.com;HeroicMC
65.60.33.74;ArmyPvP
198.143.157.92;Color-Craft
66.85.181.26:25674;LlampacaCraft
192.227.132.197;Worldstone Origins
mc.helstromau.com:25570;Helstrom SMP 
104.218.101.25;RadialCraft
MarpleCraft.com;MarpleCraft Prison
148.251.7.87:25691;SlowPvp
s50.hosthorde.com:25617;RulzPixelmon
37.59.192.195;pony
mc.i-coolhk.com;i-Cool Server
198.23.148.87:25665;Kingdoms and Mandates
mcterritory.com;MCTerritory
Ex-Prison.com;Exodus Prison
play.fromashesmc.com;From Ashes MC
romacraft.mcph.co;Romacraft
xOPFactionsx.serverminer.com;XCraftNation Factions
precisionpvp.com;PrecisionPvP
play.parapixelmon.com;ParaPixelmon 3.0.4
Mc.PvP-Legends.net;PvP-Legends
us.shotbow.net;Shotbow
46.4.84.8:25567;BMECraft
162.244.164.101:25638;LavaCraft
xGame.mcpro.co;xGame - Cops & Robbers
23.235.232.84;CookiePvP
a3.lionhost.org:25584;K4nnukas
cp-prison.net;Corrupted Pixel -Op Prison
81.30.154.247;Metropolis
108.60.215.241;Factions Mo Creatures and 3 More Mods
86.25.76.149;Blaze
comeauonline.com;ComeauOnline Minecraft Server
applesmcserver.ddns.me;Apples Minecraft Server
198.24.178.170:43450;Pixelmoncommunity
mc.city-craft.info;CityCraft - Survival
Dlusionist.dynip.com:25582;Lifecraft
ShogunPvP.mcpro.co;ShogunPvP
play.mcpvp.com;MCPVP
Mc.OnlineCraft.pl:20145;OnlineCraft.PL
mc.vancraft.it;Vancraft
OP.prisonmine.com;OP.prisonmine.com
mc.skygold.pl;SkyGold.pl SkyBlock
pascalgerrist.nl;MinePVP
192.210.232.84;Ultramon
192.210.232.84;Ultramon pixelmon server
play.phanaticmc.com;phanaticmc
198.15.115.114;The XenonBlaze Network
blockpvp.us;Block PvP
66.150.214.227;Crift
198.24.164.74:34007;HIDDEN PARADOX
skyblock.beastcraft.net;skyblock
play.vortexpvp.com;factions
zombies.lc-g.org;LC-G Zombie Survival
play.RainKraft.com;Rain
xPrisonx.serverminer.com;XxPrisonxX
107.167.93.103;Infinity Realms PvP
xlprison.net;XLPrison
hub.smilycraft.nl:34263;SmilyCraft
play.gtamc.net;grand thef auto
198.20.105.151;Omashu
play.nestmc.tk;The NestMC
mc.exileraids.us;TheExileNetwork
play.mczawk.com;test
174.138.165.180;UniversalBTeam
crossprison.org;CrossedPrison
dgu.mcserver.ws;Demigods United
pixelmon.officialtjp.com;Pixelmon Prison
serenityserver.mcph.co:25577; Serenity Creative Server
mc.fierceraids.com;FierceRaids
172.245.42.198;SevenCraft
waveminecraft.com;TheWave
s27.hosthorde.com:25763;Terrondia
shiverforge.me;ShiverForge
199.187.127.139:25692;Star Networks
23.235.232.56;E2G factions
pvp-knights.net;Knight Realms Raiding
play.craft101.info;Craft101
F.lazulicraft.com;Lazulicraft
185.28.189.140:25805;FlareCraft
mc.zovanetwork.com;Zova Network
Mc-OPvP.com;OriginPvPMc
93.119.30.16;SkilledCrafting
144.76.119.244;MasterCraft
23.235.232.84;Victory Road
mcsoup.mcpro.co;MC Soup
StoneGame.de;Stonegames
77.111.244.163;Minecraft Empire
insanitycraft.mcserver.ws;Insanity Craft
Dowcraft.org;Dowcraft
mc.Engammacraft.com;EngammaCraft
mc.evolvegaming.co.uk;Evolve Gaming
188.212.100.133;Mc.Just2Play.Ro  Survival/PvP/Factions
farmzone.net;Farm-Zone
blockheads.mcnode.net;Blockheads
pvp.novagaming.co.uk;NovaPVP
108.174.60.92:25865;FireFrost Direwolf20
mc.pokeballers.com;Pokeballers
mc.pokeballers.com;Pokeballers
quickcraft.mc-srv.com;QuickCraft
mc.mobarenas.com;MobArenas
djcraft.gamename.net;DJ Craft
46.105.111.32:26499;AtlasPrison
opblazekraft.org;BlazeKraftOP
MinecraftOrfel.minecraft.to;MinecraftOrfel
minioncraft.co.za;Minioncraft
188.212.101.19;Epic.HardPlay.Ro
play.prisonz.net;PrisonZ
play.archforgegaming.com;ArchForge
biomegames.mc-srv.com:25724;Biome Games
184.95.35.194:46379;Percy Jackson Roleplay 
198.24.155.250:55893;Shockcraft
mc.pvpgateway.com:30543;PvPGateway
framepvp.com;FramePvP
vapormc.com;prison
onepvp.com;ONEPVP
picklecraft.net;PickleCraft
mc.pentablocs.com;Pentablocs
play.helixalliance.net;Helix Alliance
skyblock.matecraft.org:25568;Matecraft Skyblock
Play.Punishmentcraft.com;Punishmentcraft
198.50.227.57;KrytenRealms | Pixelmon | Survival
216.172.97.197;ThunderMC
108.170.55.82:25591;Hallowed Hills Minecraft
dz-mc.com;DEREZ
mc.glacieremcee.com;GlacierEmcee
gruvdrift.cloudapp.net;Gruvdrift
162.244.167.82;Daemon Network
mc-cc.zapto.org;CakeCraft
play.hivecraft.net;Hivecraft Network
greekvipcraft.minecraft.gs;GreekVipCraft
188.40.132.200:25581;supergamercraft
WarriorCraft.de:25577;Warrior Craft
home.beaverdam.net;TownCraft
teckcraft.net;NickPlays
107.167.93.103;Infinity Realms PvP
exoncraft.no-ip.org;Exon Craft
69.175.43.10;TraxxCraft
185.9.104.5;GreekCrafters
mc.mine-prison.com;Mine-Prison
103.253.73.17;Smilekrub Server Thailand
108.174.61.5:25665;Exension 2.0 | FTB | Promotion | Vote |
drc.ms;TheArMaGeDooM
CreeperShaftRealms.beastmc.com;CreeperShaft-Realms
MC.MCAJAX.COM;AJAXPVP
play.coreprison.net;CorePrison
GoldSnax.Com;GoldSnax
198.50.201.230:25566;PanCraft Survival
162.223.8.164;Equestrian Adventure
162.221.192.7;Paradox Craft
alcatrazopprison.us;Alcatraz Prison Op Prison Join Now
mc.chibacity.com;CHiba CIty Ant Farm
play.cubedmc.net;CubedMC
mc.XenicCraft.net;XenicCraft
ironpigscomputing.beastmc.com;IRONPIGS Computing
37.187.141.64:25971;NooBCraftOP
mc.survival-craft.eu;Survival-Craft
162.244.165.161:35776;Elapse MC
108.170.45.146:25652;ThePower
GoDxCraft.nitrous.it;GoDxCraft
pvp.novagaming.co.uk;NovaPvP
199.202.218.177;PokeLegacy
play.abcnetwerk.nl:29982;ABCNetwerk
GodsPvp.net;GodsPvp.net
162.244.164.101:25638;LavaCraft
Play.Insanity-Network.net;Insanity Network-Prison KitPvP Factions
5.255.85.206:29116;SkabbluCloud
mcraidprison.beastmc.com;Suoervault
184.95.35.194:52699;The Hangout MC
srpvp.com;GoldCraft
mcbuffalo.com;McBuffalo
pigcrafters.com;Skywars
46.253.196.111:25665;FirstCraft
OreCraft.Net;OreCraft Network
mc.spiffingcraft.org;Spiffing Craft
Mc.glowstonepvp.com;Glowstonepvp
185.16.85.36:25665;CruelCraft
schweizer.poweredbyclear.com;EpicCraft
mineattack.de;MineAttack.de by Host-Unlimited.de
185.28.188.128:27181;DestinyCraft KitPvp
192.210.238.3:25665;DiamondGamers.net
play.dynamiccraft.org;Dynamic Craft
MatrixPvP.tk;Matrix PvP
MC.IndependentMinecraft.com:25840;Independent Minecraft
37.187.144.68:25908;craftedsheep
parapvp.com;PARAPVP
play.potatorealms.org.uk;Potato Realms
mycraft.cc;MyCraft
mcbattlecraftgm.tk;BattleCraftGM
skyarch.beastmc.com;SkyArch
Blockpvp.us;Blockpvp
pvp.svfactions.com;Sv Factions
hk-kingdoms.us.to;HK Kingdoms
slingercraft.gamename.net;Slingercraft
bkcraftmc.us.to;BKCraftMC Factions /Pvp
flyeatingdaisys.com;flyeatingdaisys.com
85.131.167.212;McThunderPick
play.lordsofkuza.com;Lords of Kuza
s1.szerverem.net:25526;NuggetCraft
mamc.mymc.io;MAMC Flans
www.kladkatt.se;Kladkatt
mc.ithinkrok.com;Ithinkroks Minecraft
MC.CRAFT.LV;CRAFT.LV
Cloudpark.Vdauwera.Be;Cloudpark
kladkatt.se;Kladkatt
ftb.gravityhurts.us;Gravity Hurts
happycraft.sbplay.nl;happycraft
mc-planetservers.com:25566;PlanetPvP
Play.McStatejail.com;MineCraftil
198.154.103.225;MultiCraft
198.143.142.252;FerdaCraft
198.143.142.252;FerdaCraft
rise-of-nations.net;Rise of Nations
184.95.42.202:34271;Vanilla Wars
192.198.91.87;minerex
mc.drancraft.org;Drancraft
dcminecraft.the-lonewolf.net;D & C Productions Survival Server
209.105.226.69;Fun survival
play.aero-craft.net;Aero-Craft
209.105.226.69;Mc PixelCraft
play.undernet.li;Undernet Craft
198.12.116.132;ArgaCraft
f.sharpmc.net;Sharp Factions
play.minecraftgonuts.com;Go Nuts
azorees.goo.vg;AzoreesMC
play.mcskylands.org;MCSL-Mcskylands
DragonPVP.mcserver.ws;DragonPVP
mc.thecraftmine.com;The Craft Mine
pacificstate.ca;Pacific State Canada
37.187.75.166:41118;The Galaxy
rainbow.mewbattle.com;Rainbow Rock
198.143.157.92;IrisMC
173.236.85.245;Domination Craft
ProfanityMc.net;ProfanityMc
108.170.17.74;PimpCraft
162.244.165.151;Sushi-Craft
198.24.175.42:35874;Scott And Kates Survival
zombiepvp.beastmc.com;Zombie PvP
us.over2craft.fr;Over2Craft
Mc.GalaxyMC.EU;GalaxyMC
mc.cowland.es;JLPM
209.105.226.69;Fun survival plus brand new server
Play.AstroVerse.net;AstroVerse
37.59.215.97:25737;Weach MC
198.12.66.161;Iron Forge Hub Server
173.243.117.171:25680;EC Factions
162.244.164.11:25736;kermitcraft
play.mcnovacraft.net;The Novacraft Network
SG.SurvivalTime.co.uk;SurvivalTime
dlusionist.dynip.com:25585;ExplosiveCraft
inspire.matecraft.org:8196;Matecraft Creative
mc.kreeperpvp.com:33431;KreeperPvP Network
mc.furyfactions.com;Fury Factions
198.24.166.242:59681;Emves Server
mc.melodycraft.me:25665;melody craft
mc.webcomgaming.co.uk:25562;LaserCraft
pennize.com;Pennizepvp
192.99.20.90:25984;Lazy Craft
192.227.136.109:25665;GrassCraft Hardcore Factions
MC-CENTRAL.NET;MineCraft Central
23.235.224.26:25650;TheCubeSMP
server.planetminekraft.com:25865;PlanetMineKraft
Play.EcoMinecraft.com;Ecominecraft
75.127.13.4;MCMmo server
play.an-mc.net:25560;Hexxit
195.ip-92-222-29.eu;DragonCraft
anathemapvp.mcpro.co:21;AnathemaMC
creationstation.mcpro.co;Creation Station
creationstation.mcpro.co;Creation Station - Creative server
77.111.203.207;Oblivious Gaming
crimsonlegends.gameserv.co:26043;Crimson Legends
play.maxfreeop.us;MaxFreeOP
play.maxfreeop.us;MaxFreeOP
play.maxfreeop.us;MaxFreeOP
play.maxfreeop.us;MaxFreeOP
play.maxfreeop.us;MaxFreeOP
108.170.41.194:25787;RealmsCraft
play.plotcity.com;PlotsMC
us.ccsservers.com;CCS Servers
eiffelcraft.hosthorde.net:25813;Eiffel Craft
pvp.mcvenomcraft.com;VenomCraft
intrepidpvp.net;IntrepidPvP
mc.mine-italia.net;Mine Italia Hub
scav.tv;Scavenger Craft PVP
46.4.90.169:25579;Redcraft - Apply staff
mc.carrotcraft.net;Carrotcraft
mineplex.com;Aadjasd
162.244.164.101:25638;LavaCraft
shockcraft.mcpro.co:1234;Shockcraft
108.166.190.89;ShikeCraft
208.167.250.83:25575;Flashback 24/7
46.4.90.169:25579;Redcraft - staff needed
46.4.90.169:25579;Redcraft - apply for staff
pvp.thearchon.net;menex12
46.228.198.177;Pure Hexxit
minecraft.samsplace.org.uk;Samsplace Server
play.uniocraft.com;UnioCraft
198.49.65.53:25575;PeachCraft 
Frenzic.co.uk:25619;Birmingham Prison
instamc.com:32695;WildCraft
srv33.minecraft-mania.fr:35500;SpiderPvP
5.39.49.5;ThorCraftESP
184.171.170.78;mineREX
Samurai-games.com;Samurai Games
pixel.mcadventures.net:10162;Pixelmon Adventure
75.102.40.253:25665;Ingenium
188.165.197.42:26962;Just Build It
jigokucraft.us;JigokuCraft
avendria.de;Avendria Rush Party Deutsch
play.poke-tails.com;PokeTails Pixelmon 3-2-8
mc.chileminecraft.cl;ChileMinecraft.cl Towny
encorepvp.org;EncorePvP
lobby.tkcraft.com;Tkcraft
play.mcpvp.com;mcpvp
198.143.142.252;FerdaCraft
chaosraids.com;ChaosRaids
46.4.90.169:25579;Redcraft - staff needed
Play.Ionicmc.net;IonicMc
supersoul.no-ip.biz;Supersoul
cakestem.beastmc.com;CakeStem
play.evoball.net;EvoBall
balayacraft.de;Balayacraft
play.potterworldmc.com;Potterworld
198.24.134.114:25873;Ferrumcraft
93.114.82.130;Mc.CsASii.Ro
play.humanitygaming.net;Humanity Prison
192.95.11.201;Abuscus 2.0
play.crazaycraft.com;Crazay Craft
play.furiouspvp.net;sudenkorento
play.furiouspvp.net;sudenkorento
TotalityMC.com;Totality Minecraft
mc.ponack.net;Ponack
Minecraft.Viperlance.net;Viperlance
178.32.74.234;VanillaBlock
play.bekkitmc.com;BekkitMc
mc.hytecpvp.com;HytecPvP
66.85.183.26:35880;The Lands Of Mezorah
pvp.rysecraft.net;minecraft server
build.fidville.net;FidVille
192.184.13.238;Arcana
85.114.132.138:25642;CRACKED GRIEF
mc.1rangers.com;Ranger Network - Drug Server
p.gld.bz;Great Light Pixelmon - p.gld.bz
Chaoticraid.com;IOwnTheInternet
23.235.232.94:43872;DoomFlame
mc.pixelroyale.net;Pixel Royale
bombermate.matecraft.org:25567;Matecraft BomberMate
jco-linux.jcowens.net:25566;DARKAMON
198.24.167.210;Dark PvP
162.252.85.196:25615;SquishyRandomzPrison
184.95.35.194:52698;MaxCrax
game.innectis.net;Innectis
mc.antvenom.com;AntVenom Network
lod-factions.mc-srv.com:25889;LEGION OF DOOM FACTIONS
play.ProMcGames.com;Pro Mc Games
unionrealms.net;UnionRealms
162.244.167.71:43338;WorldCraft
DamiYMateo.goo.vg;Dami&Mateo
kittyminerz.mcserver.ws;KittyMinerz
empireteammc.serverminer.com:25904;EmpireTeamMC
hansicraft.keiseraas.com;hansicraft
play.mythicalprison.us:25614;Mythical Prison
192.99.21.75;Uranium Craft
minekraft.mcserver.ws;Minekraft
s1.hosthorde.com:26190;GrandHaven Factions
198.154.97.249;trinitron pvp shops droparty mcmmo
imaginemc.us;Imagine Galaxy
162.244.164.101:25638;LavaCraft
107.167.93.121;EmpireLegendsRP
198.23.148.104:25765;Jaded Minds
mc.frostyfactions.com;FrostyFactions
162.244.166.61:25742;Blood Magic
www.elbloqueyelcubo.es;El Bloque y el Cubo
tafaricraft.com;TafariCraft
play.astrusmc.com;AstrusMC
155.254.25.252:43250;Kingdom Of Companions
mineplex.com;Sky Wars
skga.me;ButterServersMC
Inferno-Prison.com:25957;Inferno Prison
96.8.117.126;MashPotatoCraft
198.52.168.131:25808;MineBlast Survival
162.223.9.82;DolphinKraft Prison
TheEdgeMc.com;TheEdgeMc Cloud
stormykingdom.beastmc.com;Stormy Kingdom
217.198.137.4;Bellator Inferno Projektserver
83.167.247.44:30295;AlfaCraft 
Mc.zdug.com;Zdug
jjcraft.mcpro.co:29208;JJCraft
Dragoncraft2.mcserver.ws;Dragoncraft2
178.20.170.134;HighGroundsNetwork
play.mcpvp.com;MCPVP
Funtheorymc.com;Funtheory
DC-PvP.com;Drancraft
162.244.164.11:25630;MW3KitPvP
198.50.204.107;MCSTormz
195.246.8.181;Gigaspark Minecraft Server
198.143.142.252;FerdCraft 2014
icegames.sytes.net;IceGames Network
wither-craft.fluctis.com;Wither-Craft Factions Skyblock
mc.panickedpvp.com;PanickedPvP
WGPVP.com:28565;WGPvP
74.91.124.33;CelebCraft
minecraft.sofurry.com;Sofurry
108.170.45.146:25652;ThePower
neosentry.dyndns.org;OEs Playground
diamond-craft.org;DiamondCraft
frasersserver.zapto.org;fraser modded server read description
192.3.46.183;Mcgrimscraft
50.244.217.193;WWFCRAFT
play.gtpixelmon.net;GT Pixelmon
op.cubeprison.net;Cube Prison OP
88.150.171.109;JellyPvP
adultcraft.mcpro.co;AdultCraftNetwork
dw.pixelbude.org;Deutscher FeedTheBeast Server Direwolf20
blockpvp.mine-crafter.de;blockpvp
mc.exoncraft.net;Exoncraft Network
198.100.26.73;Mortality Factions | PVP | Raiding
play.auriolcraft.com:25722;AuriolCraft
Harryo.dk;Harryo
78.46.97.248:25585;GamerBlocken
gamingcentral.mcs4.me:25637;Gaming Central
play.auriolcraft.com:25722;AuriolCrafts
play.auriolcraft.com:25722;AuriolCraft2
jompe02.serverminer.com:25751;SkyCraft a fun Survival server.
play.mcstatejail.com;mcstatejail
us.buygamingservers.com;BuyGamingServers
209.188.4.34:26024;SugarRush
209.188.4.34:26024;Sugar Rush
85.131.157.151;Survialgames
play.whoplex.net;WhoPlex
mc.incasofemergency.com;Incancraft
mc.swordcraft.eu;SwordCraft
play.greencloudmc.org;GreenCloudMC
75.68.201.184;1 Heart Left Craft
198.24.137.26:25623;Pularnin
178.248.200.34:25574;DIAMONDCRAFT
skga.me;liza0910
198.49.65.24;Battlepvp
209.188.4.34:26024;SugarRush
sky.epi-craft.com;EpiCraft Skyblock
188.40.96.3:25570;EazyCraft
play.frozenarc.net;FrozenArc
shroomcraftpvp.net;ShroomCraft
198.20.111.158;RockyCraft
146.0.43.9:25606;JerseyCraft
kombatmc.net;KombatMC
srpvp.com;MythCraft PVP
potion-pvp.com;IcyMc
play.pristineprison.com;Pristine Prison
play.unchainedmc.net;UnchainedMC Network
88.150.136.73;QuaintCraft
maxedoutmc.com;MaxedOut OP Prison
162.244.165.1:25988;RacerMCNetwork
198.20.111.158;RockyCraft
130.180.201.230:25780;GGSurvival
185.16.85.50:26365;RainBox Craft
198.20.181.43;The Spaghetti Network
188.212.100.103;WakyCraft
mc.futurepvp.com;Future PvP - OP Factions pot pvp crackep
199.188.101.119;Jcraft Factions
s15.minespan.com:25643;GamerNation
sulphurcraft.us;Sulphurcraft
psg.servegame.com:33333;MineHD
mc.hdlx.net;Hydraulix PvP
play.faxionmc.com;FaxionMC
198.24.128.234:26118;SyncPvP
bombcraft.mcserver.ws;BOMBCRAFT
66.85.149.210:33723;MouseCraft
play.EnderStorm.co.uk;BlenderPrison
Poweredredstone.zapto.org;Poweredredstone
46.4.60.2:25589;MineGrabe
play.penzcraft.net;Penzcraft
timelesspvp.net;timelesspvp
198.20.111.158;RockyCraft
23.235.232.99:25767;IrnGlory Network
Hub.NeptuneServers.com;Neptune
sexycraft.net;sexycraft
ExiledPvP.us;ExiledPvP
119.252.191.161;nappiman123
sandbox01.mtxserv.fr:27260;AzerCraft
mc.prisonalcatraz.net;PrisonAlcatraz 
xinscraftl.dmch.nl;XinsCraft
elementalmc.net;ElementalMc
85.190.128.154;LawinaCraft
162.244.164.31:25929;SwiftPrison 24/7 OP Plots
192.99.20.34;SlasherKraft
freecraftbuild.verygames.net;FreeCraftBuild
mc.maxmine.me;Maxmine Network
69.175.47.101;Legacy Gaming
193.84.64.155;Adv.Minecraft-Romania.Ro
198.154.115.8;Magmatropolis
gamerspvp.me;GamersPvP
Cylestia.beastmc.com;Cylestia
minecraftcf.com;MINECRAFTCF COM
Ultrasonic.me;Ultrasonic.me
108.170.53.234:25843;SafeHevenSurvival
192.99.143.7;Alkacraft
mc.topscraft.com;TopsCraft
Mc.DifferentCraft.net;DifferentCraft - Towny / Faction Server 
209.188.4.34:26024;SugarRush
play.craftshark.net;Craftshark Network
94.23.245.102:26785;Swift-Craft
play.hybridcraft.me;HybridCraft
wickedgc.com;WGC SurvivalGames  Factions 
planetx64.me;Planetx64.me
78.46.106.132:25575;CrixyCraft
185.9.106.135;Das Kraftwerk
pixel.JACGaming.com;JACGaming
crossprison.org;crossprison
192.99.200.176:25561;OutlastTFC - A Terrafirmacraft server
epikpvp.mcph.co;EpikPVP
198.12.125.227;CaptainCraft
mc.vidyacraft.com;Vidyacraft
pixelmon.team-ethernity.fr;FR Team Ethernity
play.fortunemc.net;Fortune Penitentiary
CavelandMC.XLab.com;Caveland
mc.fenixrealm.net;FenixRealm
b4.lionhost.org;ObsidianHero
minebuildkill.com;MineBuildKill
192.198.92.76;LegitSkycube
Mc.ReachKraft.Com;ReachKraft
109.169.58.87;DeniedNetwork
play.auracraft.net;AuraCraft | Survival
Qkits.pw;QualityKits
minecraftgames.com.br;Minecraft Games
myraeon.minecraft.ms;Myraeon Roleplay Server
s18.hosthorde.com:25612;Soularous
cookierealms.mcpro.co:123;Cookie Realm
loyle.org;Loyle Servers Minecraft
Factions.org;cocacraft
162.244.166.81:25811;Great Lakes Minecraft Server
mc.humpcraft.com;HumpCraft
119.81.65.254:26028;SMSCraft
MC-PC.US;Allison Craft
mc.mafia-craft.com;Mafia-Craft
s49.hosthorde.com:25633;CloudyCraft
play.perrydice.mcph.co;PerryDice
66.85.142.10:25700;NoCo Gaming Survival Server
imaginenation.mcpro.co:25954;Imagine Nation
Shepcraft.me;ShepCraft
play.lonelyblock.com;Lonely Block
fly.servegame.com;SurFLYval
mc.cookiepvp.nn.pe:25596;MineFaction
Mineplex.com;MsElectroMine
178.248.97.91;ExtremeProCraft
craftcombat.com.br;CraftCombat
ClownCraft.mcph.co:33457;Clowncraft
magical.mcpro.co;MagicCraft
terrocraft.spartanhost.net:25663;TerroCraft
radio.unit.net.nz;Minelogz
184.164.77.147;MineServe Hardcore Factions PvP
minecraft.secusrvr.com;SECUSRVR Minecraft
173.208.239.27;IntrepidPvP
px.thenodemc.com;TheNode Network
royal-peak.com;Royal Peak Prison
198.23.247.102;HolyCraft
Mortcraft.zapto.org;Mortcraft
119.252.191.164;Aus-rpg
thelost.mcs4.me;The Lost
mc.iridiumnetwork.us;Iridium Network
mc.etg-clan.at;ETG Free-build and Survival
178.20.170.117:25600;IceAgePvP
192.99.0.200;PawRetreat Server
mc.hfcraft.net;HellForged
play.mc-bananacraft.net;BananaCraft
mc.noxexilio.com;Nox Exilio
mcfoxcraft.com;balkan funk
a-zpvp.com;a-zpvp
alpha.vgmc.us;AlphaMinecraftSERVER
198.143.154.214;BridgeCraft
technagemc.com;Technocraft 2.0
alpha.vgmc.us;AlphaRevolution
192.99.13.100;ScrapCraft
BallerCraft.net;BallerCraft
stickycraft.net;Stickycraft
46.4.90.169:25569;Fantastic server.
alliedcraft.org;AlliedCraft
216.172.97.197;McThunderCraft
192.227.136.124:25665;GravityMod 
GTA.minecraft.to;SkyGTA
mc.darktanikarcraft.net;DarktanikarCraft
play.ironnetwork.org;IronNetwork
162.252.10.235;ClassicFactionCraft
impulseprison.net;ImpulsePrison
mc.boulevardminecraft.com;Boulevard Minecraft
mc.nethingames.net:25895;Nethin Games
198.24.134.98:43388;BirchCraft
77.111.251.18;minecraftTrix
mc.non-ice.com;Peaceful nICEFarms
frostblood.mcph.co;FrostBlood PvP
prison.cyclonenetwork.org;cyclonenenetwork
Enderdragon.de;Enderdragon.de
193.0.159.124;Crypt Games Towny
us.akanemc.net;The Akane Network
Infamouspvp.net;Infamouspvp
185.16.85.35:25665;Gideon
mc5.fadehost.com:25900;CrazzyCraft (UnitetheNation)
66.85.182.94;TownyVille
aserrali.serverminer.com:25877;The Adventures of Aserrali
RhaizenCraft.tk;Rhaizen Craft
66.85.167.178:57101;Iridescent Network
119.252.191.247:25655;Aussie Server
37.59.28.185;Sensitive Craft
mc.blackpulse.us;ChaosCraft
Jeddix.factions.ws;Jeddix Factions
188.165.138.41:25619;PaintBall
192.210.232.110;ActivCraft
s.conquestcraft.com;Conquestcraft - Survival
aztec.mcverse.net;Aztec Empire
play.nerpcraft.org;NerpCraft 2.0
23.235.232.100;Code Craft 3.0
yolominecraft.com;zionholt
74.63.245.166:25566;Penis Server
23.235.224.58:25738;LuckyCraft
184.164.140.202:59893;FIRECRAFT
voiplanparty.com:777;VoipLanParty
hub.evomc.co;EvolveGaming
tomiko9.pl.hostmc.pl;tomiko9.pl
riftmc.us;RiftMC
TimelessPvP.net;Timeless PvP
192.210.233.157;Minecrafters
mc.thunder-uk.co.uk;Thunder-UK
zoty.us;HEXmc
rpg.excavationgames.us:33684;Excavation- Dungeon RPG
server1.craftlandia.com.br:1000;Craftlandia
108.174.57.179:25665;Axis Networks Pixelmon
162.252.10.197;Desirepvp
fuzionmc.com;FuzionMC Factions/PvP/Mob Arena/ Economy
mc.thevoidzone.com;The Void Zone
play.sycraft.us;SyCraft
Play.Factions.ca;Factions (CA)
mc.xkits.net;xKits
mc.rocknest.org;Rockcraft
homiecloud.com;HomieCloud
178.20.170.153;PVPCrafter
mc12.fadehost.com:25879;CoreFactions
mc-mix.com;Mc-Mix
ChainPvP.Beastmc.com;ChainPvP PvP I Raid 
hdlx.net;hydraulix
mc.obsidianprison.com;ObsidianPrison Estado
198.23.148.116;PokeNationsForever
play.mythicrealmsrpg.com;MythicRealmsRPG
mc.carbonpvp.com;CarbonPVP
Play.KoncealedPvP.Net;KoncealedPvP
Infamouspvp.net;Infamouspvp
mc.armycraft.tk;ArmyCraft
awcraft.mcph.eu;awCraft
buzzcraft.mcph.co;Buzzcraft
emenbeesmp.com;Embee Realms
Quickk-Craft.com;Quickk-Craft
lvmc1.netherbyte.com:29095;Beast MC
184.164.151.82:25964;McCentral
mc.whale.ga;Whale Gaming
phoinex900.netp.me;Zombie Craft
MakaliNetwork.mcjoin.eu:25846;MakaliNetwork
prisonworld.mcalias.com;Prison World
188.165.94.47;Arcade Universe
play.monsterwars.net;MonsterWars
play.kpvp.tk;KPvP.tk
mc.StormCraft.biz;St0rmCraft
pandafan.nitrous.it;PandaFan Server
mc-central.net;Vincent server
myhousecraft.tk;MyHouseCraft
184.154.97.45;The Minecraft Guys Server
s43.hosthorde.com:25967;MonkeyPVP
mc.tucanamc.com;TucanaMC
198.15.115.114:26092;Amie Craft
mc.techsmix.net;Minecraft at TechsMix
178.20.170.87:25653;ES-craft
77.111.247.20;PvP-Training
mc.aprilon.org;Aprilon
107.6.173.84;Imperium
jimmy.mcph.co:47441;JimmyCraft
minecurse.mcserver.ws;Minecurse
Timelesspvp.net;Timelesspvp
192.95.15.225;AuroraPvP
mc.mysterylunch.net;Mystery Lunch
184.95.34.98:25734;Gibbly
Pvp.ph;SpyDragon87
mc.infpris.com;Infinity Prison
108.170.3.146;House-Prison
play.paradisemc.net;ParadiseMC
198.143.142.197;Overlord PvP
prismpvp.mcpro.co;Prism Pvp
NightMarePvP.hosthorde.net:25928;NightMarePvP
192.228.106.7:25575;SOL Kingdoms MC
diamondcraft.beastmc.com;Diamondcraft.beastmc.com
ShadowCraft.dmch.nl:25631;ShadowCraft
play.universalmc.net:25591;UniversalMc
finixcraft.omgcraft.fr:10490;FinixCraft
mcgamerz.simplehost.org;MC-gamerz
mc.killtracker.com;KillTracker Luxury Prison
184.171.173.51;ThyThal Prison
classicsb.com;ClassicSB
192.99.47.48;Dimension-craft
p.digtobuild.com;Dig to Build
creatabuild.com;CreataBuild
50.7.229.74;PokeArmy
142.4.210.197;Shipcraft
play.mc-sg.org;MC-SG
192.227.132.195:25765;TRIGO B-Team Server
mc.swordcraft.eu;Swordcraft
elementwars.com;Element Wars
216.172.96.235;Morgan Freeman Craft
unknown-mc.com;The Unknown
75.76.59.227;gamernet
72.51.7.171;WoodCraft
198.23.148.107;AruleanCraft
minequint.mcserver.ws;MineQuintessence
timelesspvp.com;timelesspvp
Mc.YouTubePvP.com;SpyDragon87
198.50.130.233;FlamePvPMC
purge-craft.com;PurgeCraft
69.175.19.252;Gta Craft
minerealm.mcph.co;MineRealm
Play.JungleMC.com;The Jungle MC
5.135.246.253;GryphonCraft
survivalseasons.no-ip.biz:26088;SurvivalSeasons
play.HyperMC.org;HyperMC
mc.hydrapvp.com;HydraPVP
creeperbox.us:26171;Creeperbox
mc.shycraft.mcpro.co;ShyCraft Latest Version Compatible
windscarserver.net;Wind server
play.nutzmc.com;NutzMc
proslime.mcph.co;Proslime
doctorscraft.no-ip.org;DoctorsCraft
play.jailmc.com;JailMC
108.170.22.58:28039;JordanCraft
mc.NexusPrison.net;Nexus Prison
cora.cx;Coradax
opraids.net;OpRaids
69.175.19.252;Gta Craft Mc
23.239.131.19;Ninja Craft
opmcprison.com;OPmcprison
hypernova2k.pwnz.org;HyperNova2K
hub.salanthum.com;Salanthum Network
75.127.12.235;stonedcraft
SPVP.ME;SwordPvP
198.49.69.11;CosmicCraft
198.24.161.154:63609;MagicCraft
shockcraft.mcpro.co:1234;Shockcraft Hub
OP-PvP.me;OP-PvP
SinisterRealms.spartanhost.net;Sinister Realms
thornya2.mchost.pro;Thornya Ressurrection
Phoenixoflegend.mcpro.co:1;PhoenixRealm
130.180.201.231:25713;ColourCraft 24/7 UK friendly
dk28.fragnet.net:25865;World of Freedom
play.freeminers.net;Free Miners Society
olympiancraftgt.us.to;OlympianCraft
aserversmc.com;Aserversmc
stryke.org;StrykeNet
23.94.159.117;Arnies World
mc.craftos.net;CraftoS Server Community
184.95.39.130:25599;Nest Games
198.24.134.122:35301;Actionpackdudes Server
P.Mc-Mafia.Me:25942;Mafia City
162.244.165.11:25812;thatswhatido
69.175.9.112;Gaming MC bros
Play.MultiPvP.se;MultiPvP
mcwarcraft.com;McWarcraft - Soup Pvp and Mini Games
23.239.132.38;Agrarian Skies - Bloodtide-Corp
lichofdeath.servegame.com:25566;Lichs Server
mc.vadeinc.us;Vade Craft
shockcraft.mcpro.co;Shockcraft Minigames And Factions
37.59.247.204;AuraCraft 
198.24.185.74:46622;ArcadeCraft
Mecca.Ga;Mecca
Mc-LetsFight.TK:25580;LetsFight
pixelcore.sorbmc.com:20789;Sorb Pixelcore
zencraft.us;ZenCraft
play.lotpvp.us;Legends of Thoroghan
mc.vcserver.org;voidcraft
play.galaxy-rush.net;Galaxy-Rush Custom Survival
atticia.nn.pe:25573;Atticia MC
192.3.46.183;Mcgrimscraft
play.realpvp.net;RealPvP
shockcraft.mcpro.co;Shockcraft
play.ogcraft.net;OGCraft
198.27.67.220;Onslaught PvP
hashtagcraft.mc-hoster.de;HashTagCraft
mc.raiduniversalpvp.net;RaidUniversalPvP
mc.skylimitpvp.net;SkyLimitPvp-Factions
CRAFT-GOD.COM;CRAFT-GOD.COM
37.187.137.104:25856;Patikol.MC
mc.corsiacraft.net;Corsia Craft
148.251.81.84:25761;PrixizMc Needs Staff
tntserver.tk;TNTable SMP
riotcraft.net;RiotCraft
mc.valorprison.com;Valor Prison
sithalive.no-ip.biz;sharkland
OHQCraft.net;OHQCraft.net
69.175.57.221;FoxBox
198.24.181.242:32156;Wizard Survival
play.fallenpvp.net;Fallen PvP
tycooncraft.net;TycoonCraft
AscentPvP.us;AscentPvP 
mc.thankovsky.net;Thankovsky Games
184.154.185.247;PlatinumCraft
craftion.sytes.net;Craftion
Multicraftpvp.com;multicraftpvp
s89.mcserver.org;Elysium
198.23.247.71;SimplySurvival
www.mcshu.co.kr;SHUMARK
mc.aclikoyunu.com;Aclik Oyunu FactionWars
mc.dragonsdoom.net;mcdragonsdoom
198.20.111.184;OP PVP
Proxmc.tk;Proxmc
mc.vanillaverse.net;VanillaVerse
doubledawnnetwork.de;DoubleDawnNetwork
play.mcnow.xyz;Minecrafting
mc-squared.net;MC-Squared
66.85.165.170;Helio Falls
SneakyMC.dk;SneakyMC
198.24.175.50:26369;Pixelcraft
198.154.108.197;Ender Craft
198.24.172.58:25594;Broko Network
66.85.146.234:34291;DyesNetwork
skyblock.im;Skyblock.im
heroicminecraft.beastmc.com;Heroic-MC
198.20.111.184;OP PVP
ascended.mcserver.ws;Ascended PvP
Cedgepvp.com;Creepers Edge
217.79.190.22:25610;BananacraftPvP
69.175.43.28;SLAY-Factions
mc.the3worlds.com;The 3 Worlds
178.119.111.212;BelgiumGames
play.sweepingmc.com;SweepingSkyblock
PlayOrigin.nn.pe:25588;Origin
skyblock.BeastCraft.net;BrenyBeast
216.174.63.174;Survival Element
206.217.132.250;BaconFactions
184.164.140.202;AMQTech -- Under Development
mc.wallou.net;Architecture Haven
endernetwork.beastmc.com;EnderNetwork
mctowny.mcph.co;McTowny
108.163.219.158;CraftianCrusade
aristocraft.servegame.com;AristoCraft Adekvaft RUS
luxeprison.org;LuxePrison
mc.TrippersGames.com;Trippers Games
64.31.50.155;splashcraft
69.23.44.59;benson   Towny  Server
rosencraft.mcph.co:28015;RosenCraft
magentanetwork.tk;Magenta Network
mc.magiczoo.net;Magic Of Space-time
nubmc.net;NubMC
184.95.61.122:45959;WolfCraft
blockmine.mine.bz;BlockMine Network
avixcraft.beastmc.com;AvixCraft
162.218.116.139;wildernessMc (Beta) Need players to test
198.143.140.148;JungleCraft MC
Play.bosscraft.net;BOSS CRAFT
play.dopemc.com;DopeMC
mc.Trioxinz.com;TriNetwork
209.188.23.66:25580;The World of Minecraft
66.85.182.90:40561;Unearthed Arcana
mc.pxg.me;pXg Factions
gtahub.com;aleks14
MC.WheelchairApocalypse.com;Wheelchair Apocalypse 
mcfoxcraft.com;RobertLOL
play.thetitanhub.com;The Titan Hub
Youbuild.us.to:25566;The Number 1 Server
s6.hosthorde.com:25725;MinigameCentral
youbuild.us.to:25566;Youbuild
play.shatteredmines.com;ShatteredMines
TheOdysseyMC.com;Odyssey
Solarismc.net;Solaris Gaming
play.mcadventureworld.com;McAdventureWorld
184.164.152.170:48860;Aquarius Server
108.60.217.163;Koles Awesome Survival
198.24.171.90:34302;BoldCraft
23.226.68.218;Dhara
RomeCraft.beastmc.com;RomeCraft
162.223.9.48;Flare Factions
162.244.164.71:25890;Jp Craft
play.nexus-prison.com;OP-NEXUS
mc.bosspvp.com;BossCraft The FIRST OP Raiding Server
Romecraft.beastmc.com;RomeCraft
MagentaNetwork.tk;MagentaNetwork
216.174.63.174;Next Element Raiding
whiskyworld.us.to;WhiskyWorld
Youbuild.us.to:25566;Marc
play.darksky.es;Dark Sky
162.244.165.64;GGCraft
162.244.165.64;GGCraft
162.244.165.64;GGCraft
play.minelegends.us;MineLegends Network
play.krypticfactions.com;KronosMC
162.244.165.64;GGCraft
genesishub.net;GenesisHub
198.20.127.86;FraggerPvP
mc.hosting-uy.com:25583;SquadWorld
cadia.co;craftcadia
izenithpvp.net;iZenithPvP
162.244.165.64;GGCraft
Daedrapvp.net;DaedraPVP - OP Factions - MultiVersion
ccmania.mcph.co;CcMania
dockscraft.tk;DocksCraftMC
comavoid.mcph.co;Coma Void
KarmaPvP.net;AbnormaPvP/KarmaPvP
mineplex.com;DiamondCraft
5.62.111.9;City-Craft
joshua.mmgn.com:25575;MMGN Public Minecraft Server
play.maniacrafting.com;ManiaCrafting
flameprison.beastmc.com;Flame Prison
play.azaracraft.com;Azara Craft
cookiecraftserver.mc-srv.com;CookieCraft
pvp.wantedmc.net;WantedPvP
79.124.56.51;MagmaCraft PVP
EmpirePvP.Net;www.youtube.com/user/OreBoy99
Odin.nn.pe:25581;Vanaheimr
MagentaNetwork.tk;Magenta Network
mc5.fadehost.com:25952;CelestialPvP
mc5.fadehost.com:25952;CelestialPvP
mc5.fadehost.com:25952;CelestialPvP
CuzaCraft.sbplay.nl;CuzaCraft
oblivionservers.com;OblivionCraft
88.150.171.143;Extreme Factions
pvp123.us.to;MC Helicopter Mod (FML)
play.whitereachmc.tk:26497;WhitereachMC
HolyCraft.Net;HolyCraft.Net
ALTNetwork.NL;ALTNetwork
74.63.196.12;Empire
185.28.189.140:26435;BritishFactionServer
184.95.61.122:45959;WolfCraft
198.20.127.93;AeonCraft
mc.firestormpvp.com;FirestormPVP
198.49.69.11;CosmicScape
fisticuffs.mcph.co;Fisticuffs
skyshock.net:25615;SkyShock
potatopvp.mcph.co;PotatoPvP
198.24.163.106:43801;EnderCraft
192.99.193.221;ZimdaxFaction
mc.zionrealm.com;ZionRealm
buildalotmc.mcalias.com:25836;BuildAlotMc
119.81.65.252:54021;AuzCraft
198.20.111.184;OP PVP
MC-JC.COM;JumanjiCraft
dacraft.org;DaCraft
a8.lionhost.org;Toxic Craft
77.111.197.249;SpikyCraft
mc.bunnehrealm.net;BunnehREALM
216.172.108.151;XenobiaFactions
198.20.98.113;SkylineSurvival
mc.zacharyscriff.com;Equus Ferus Caballus
mc-talaria.com;Talaria
minecraft.siropgaming.co.uk;Sirop Network
craftedkingdom.beastmc.com;Crafted Kingdom
Gangzcraft.us.to;Gangzcraft
minecraft-xsc.servegame.com;Minecraft XSC
play.corrupt.beastmc.com;CorruptPvP
192.210.228.104;MetroOrigins
77.111.252.43;PUREVISION
216.172.108.152;WingCraft
162.244.165.165;Enraged Prison
www.mcark.tw;McArk
multicube.net;MultiCube
s48.hosthorde.com:25875;MCUnited Semi-Vanilla/Survival
69.160.45.14:25744;CastleCraft
mineplex.com;SamenGamen Network
simplyminepvp.mcph.co;SimplyMine Factions
mc.wizry.net;The Wizry Network
184.95.35.194:52702;WoodCraft
162.244.165.111:29393;NextGenCraft
74.124.12.105;Fireborne
162.244.166.11:25620;Skydragon
play.Fallenpvp.net;FallenPvP
play.columncraft.us;ColumnCraft Member Server
lizcraft.mcph.co:26981;Liz Craft
162.248.244.37;QuCraft Voltz
Noobcraft.net;Noobcraft
mc.shadow-kingdom.com;ShadowKingdom
Noobcraft.net;Noobcraft
mc-jcraft.pl;jCraft
119.81.66.146:25879;BattleCraft
play.op-raid.com;OP-Raid
198.24.170.146:35656;Endercraft
Funcraft.net;Fun craft
minersleague.mcpro.co;MinersLeague
TenStarCraft.beastmc.com;TenStarCraft
192.210.232.99;TheCreedsNetwork
mc.yaoihavenreborn.com;Yaoihaven Reborn
184.95.61.124;B3T
alphamc.us;AlphaMC
TheGamersNetwork.nn.pe:25574;TheGamersNetwork
162.244.166.101:25570;The Promised Land Gaming
173.236.85.230;MKPVP
208.115.247.168;SkepticCraft
matrixdevuk.pw;matrixCraft
mc.minelight.net;MineLight Network
play.hypecraft.us;HypeCraft 
borderlandhub.com;BorderlandPvP 2.0
198.24.185.74:46653;swag
node1.smeltinghost.com:1024;UcL SuperCraft W/ mcmmo
liberty.mc-srv.com:25776;Liberty
23.235.229.138:25748;FlexCraft Factions
144.76.176.48:25579;CloudCraft
dizzymc.better-than.tv;dizzyMC
pandia.mcph.co;Pandia
chinn.server.us.to;Chinn server
play.oxidadosnetwork.com;Oxidados Network
supercraft.juniperbeach.net;Supercraft
pvp.acelacraft.net;AcelaCraft OP Factions 24/7 dp
swagcraft.us;SwagCraft
cubekingdom.mcph.co:26185;CubeKingdom
pvp.athericraft.us;AtheriCraft
geforce.mcph.co;GeForce Factions
198.143.139.83;HappyCow15
192.111.128.11;Derkcraft
zacksmcnetwork.mcph.co;ZacksMCNetwork
zacksmcnetwork.mcph.co;ZacksMCNetwork DP Join Now
UCCTowny.mcph.co;UCC Towny
mc.buincraft.it;BuinCraft
skybase.beastmc.com;SkyBase
UltraShard.mcpro.co;UltraShard
Mc.EMP-PvP.Eu;EMP-PvP.Eu
77.77.27.134;ShadowCraft
mc.duplets.lv;DupletNetwork
192.210.228.3;360 Creative
mooncraft.servebeer.com:25569;Mooncraft
mc.ipiesgaming.com;iPiesGaming OP Prison
DreamGaming.nitrado.net;DreamGaming
188.212.101.13;Minecraft Romania
Mc-Wars.org;Mc-Wars
198.24.165.154:59626;EagleMc
dbnation.us;DBNation
galaxyrepublic.com;Galaxy Republicraft
GamaNetwork.net;Gama Network
unbreakablepvp.mcph.co:25582;UnbreakablePVP
freedomsbreach.serverminer.com:25887;Freedoms Breach
162.244.167.31:28373;ImALittleTurtle
109.230.235.27;LetsMineCraft
23.235.226.237;FluffleYog - A YogsCast Complete server
UCCTowny.mcph.co:43209;Ultracoolcraft.com
atomicfreeze.hosthorde.net;Atomic freeze
play.mcanvil.net;McAnvil
80.243.125.26:25665;Chaos Survival
CrunkCraft.mcpro.eu;CrunkCraft
185.28.189.138:25874;MPixelFactions
LimitlessMC.beastmc.com;LimitlessMC
185.28.189.138;FizzyCraft
178.20.170.91:25639;Larenox | FreeClaim Survival Server
162.252.10.233;Multiverse Factions
play.daylightcraft.com;DayLightCraft
162.223.9.49;Nova Craft
gtahub.com;XxAlexCatsagnoXx
grdragonslayers.craft.vg;GrDragonSlayers
PowerFul.McServer.Ws;PowerFul MineCraft Server
sky-craft.us.to;Fusion Network SkyBlock
192.99.200.210;EverlastingMC
AmicorumCraft.net;AmicorumCraft
play.galaxyrealms.com;GalaxyRealms
192.210.228.3;360Creative
bloopcraft.sytes.net;BloopCraft
jogar.artcraftbr.in;Artcraft
play.giopvp.com;GioPVP Network
play.buildersunite.net:25793;Builders Unite 2.0
198.20.127.249;BeastBoxNetwork
minecraft.zarpgaming.com;ZARP Gaming
80.241.215.19;Craftpvp
fop.us.to;FOP - Owner is CrafterSmith12
mcomnicraft.info;MC-Omnicraft
youbuild.us.to;YouBuild
play.aemservers.net;AEMNetwork
CookieHub.hosthorde.net;CookieHub
178.20.170.117:25600;mc-PixelMon
198.20.117.73;Wolfcraft
75.127.1.238;The Server of PradRocksFaces
play.phasegaming.net;PhaseGaming
scavengecraft.net;ScavengeCraft
play.wasgamer.com;Wasgamer
188.241.14.78;Mc.TrueGame.Ro
mc.smoke2k.com;smoke2k server
hardcore.the-minecraft-blog.com;The Minecraft Blog Hardcore Server
mc.mineflame.com;MineFlame
69.175.36.54;NIPACRAFT
mc.snapcraft.net;Snapcraft
fuzionpvp.net;FuZioN PvP
mc.twsmc.net;TwS
swagcraft.us;SwagCraft
mineboxnetwork.mcph.co:29470;Ksports1
192.227.132.100:25665;VengeanceCraft
198.24.180.210:25842;LuwieCraft
mc.shimmeringskies.mcfrag.net;Shimmeing Skies 
198.23.148.76:25665;ANiHost Factions server
mc.ctec.co.nz;CTEC World
creaturenetwork.nl;Creature Network
198.20.95.5;AngelPvP
23.235.224.66:25601;Jaycraft
Mc-Luminia.fr;Luminia
awesomecraft.org;Awesomecraft
s9.hosthorde.com:25609;SwiftPvP
198.24.167.194:33794;RoseCraft
Hostile.mcpro.co;Hostile
play.obbypvp.com;ObbyPVP
meincraft.mcserver.ws;Meincraft
DesirePVP.com;DesirePrison
23.235.232.84:25650;MadCraftDeluxe
endercraft.fadehost.com;EnderCraft
69.162.80.131:25841;EnderCraft - Survival
198.24.172.58;SplashSMP
23.235.232.111;McProPvp
play.podzol.net;Podzol Network
65.60.15.81;Hydra-Factions
mc.limitedgaming.net;LTD-Craft
mc.razorpvp.ca;razorpvp
mc.minecraftfunpark.com;FunPark 2.0
zephrcraft.com;Zephr Craft
192.254.79.229;Lux In Spelunca
mc.craftersparty.com:25898;Crafters Party
Play.MCB-Factions.com;MCB-Factions
cobblestonecommunity.net;Cobblestone Community
192.99.20.92:25609;InvidiousMC
Thaboxgaming.com:25525;EternalBlox
adv.armycraft.tk;Armycraft Adventure
play.eaveecraft.com;eaveecraft
westernMC.aerisgaming.com:25555;WesternMC
s35.hosthorde.com:25650;Darkside Cookies
craftingshaftprison.tk;CraftingShaft Prison
pvp.thearchon.net;TheArchon
198.24.139.178;Superior PvP
192.99.18.80:25784;CraftWho
46.4.101.163:25585;Fraznel
dccomm.org:25680;HGN Survival
119.81.66.148:26931;FoodNetwork
162.244.165.131:25599;The Blocky Sheep
survival.central.so;Survival Central
play.pingcraft.net;Pingcraft
prestigeprison.nn.pe:25579;Prestige Prison
redemptionkraft.mcph.co;RedemptionTeams
play.arcanecraft.net;ArcaneCraft
198.20.95.5;AngelCraft
198.20.95.5;AngelCraftf
therealdeal.beastmc.com;TheRealDeal
198.24.170.162:25573;No Whitelist Join The Coin Collectors 
148.251.238.174:25624;Amity
198.15.69.34;Beastcraft
184.154.181.170;ChrisCraft
totalprison.net;- Total Prison -
onlyraids.com;OnlyRaids
samistine.com;Sami Stine
94.23.16.197:29872;Minecraftian ESP
174.138.171.122:25605;Dont 
180.189.223.31;Espova Minecraft
s45.hosthorde.com:25744;The Hyper Arcade
198.24.185.22;LanceCraft
main.theburgserver.com;TheBurgServer
creeperrealms.mcph.co;Creeper Realms
play.gtacraft.com;gtacraft
skullpvp.tk;|SkullPvp|
119.81.65.254:25979;PVP Island
185.38.149.79;Smofly Towny Server
Haifischbecken.net;Das Haifischbecken - Pixelmon
cobblestonecommunity.net;Cobblestone Community
voxelsource.de:25572;Voxelmon
gtahub.com;GTAHub
Play.JimmyCraftMC.net;JimmyCraft
162.221.194.9;StormNet
162.244.165.99;Kappa Craft #1 Faction Server
176.9.22.4:25599;CrixyCraft
Hetix.upsys.se;Hetix
townypvp.mcph.co;Town Wars Pvp
meincraft.mcserver.ws;MeinCraft
192.169.44.131:25583;Mericuh -- Questing Server
mc.d-nexus.co:29172;D-Nexus
mc.kulcraft.com;Kul Craft
Minesmite.com;Minesmite
iplay.mc-srv.com:25581;iPlay aBlockhead - Vanilla
209.188.12.115;Firestars Clan
198.154.103.86;The-Cozmoes
184.164.140.205;Survival Network
play.RoseRed.co;Pixelmon RoseRed
198.55.108.133:25572;VGM Survival
198.55.108.133:25594;VGM Factions
s17.hosthorde.com:25861;TPB Craft
play.nordicraft.net;NordiCraft
192.227.132.222:25865;Worldstone Creative
23.95.116.41;HydraCraft
188.212.102.51;RomaniaCraft - NetWork
172.245.4.174;EmberCraftCo.
85.114.139.8:25805;stonecraft
172.245.31.114;PCNRaidz
lemonmc.com;Combustible Lemons MC
s2.parapixelmon.com:25566;ParaPixelmon server 2
Atomiccraft.ddns.net;TNT Wars - Active - Unique Experience
UnlimitedMinecraft.nn.pe:25604;UnlimitedMinecraft
Quickk-Craft.com;QuickCraft
mc.soulplex.net;SoulPlex.Net
TheCraftersPvp.beastmc.com;TheCrafterzMC
misnomerpixelmon.beastmc.com;Misnomer Pixelmon
VincCraft.nn.pe:25566;VincCraft
69.175.28.232;OP KitPvP 
130.180.201.230:25619;An amazing minecraft server
198.24.167.170:25677;Pastacraft
198.50.224.130;survival
23.235.228.154:25575;ShieldPvP
198.24.175.66:25595;MineWorks
s18.hosthorde.com:25856;MineNexia
us.crisppvp.net;CrispPvP
RocketMC.mcph.co;RocketGames
88.150.135.244;WicksCraft
minecloud-mc.com;MineCloud
198.24.165.234:30286;Staff Needed
5.104.109.198:25909;The Dark Warriors
209.188.22.234:43206;mythrealm
legacyfactionspvp.com;Legacy Semi-OP Factions
rzcraft.mcph.co;RealzCraft
172.245.34.168;Arctereus Mega Prison
85.236.101.19:27165;NorDevNor
server.miners-life.de;MinersLife
pvp.extronus.net:80;Teste1
mc.breadlord.org;Breadlord Gaming Minecraft
applecraftserver.com;AppleCraft Survival Server
76.164.227.26:25644;bendingavatar
theadvantage.game-host.org;The Advantage Network
mcarcade.org;Minecraft Arcade
theadvantage.game-host.org;The Advantage Network
primalflu.mcpro.co;Primal Craft
entertainingmc.mcph.co;EntertainingMc - Theme Parks
nemzerp.com;Nemzerp SMP
mc.vikingcraft.me;VikingCraft Factions
peasantscraft.mcpro.co;PeasantsCraft
corruptioncraft.mcserver.ws;Corruptioncraft
209.188.12.210:39380;bubblecraft
Quantumc.mcph.co:2711;QuantumCraft
us.mineplex.net;J3R3MY27
142.4.208.36;NowCraft Survival
redstoner.com;Redstoner
94.23.86.23;NewAgeGamers
thecorenetwork.net;The Core Network
77.111.199.89;| ExtraCraft | Survival and Minigames |
CombatxCraft.mcpro.co;CombatxCraft
67.212.180.58;Multicraft
198.27.79.255;Trap Door Network
play.meatcrave.com;MeatCrave
198.27.79.255;Trap Door Network
play.wolf-craft.org;WolfCraft
hub.infinitenetwork.net;Infinite Network
hub.infinitenetwork.net;Infinite Network
madcraft.mossycobble.com;Madcraft | PVP Toggle | Factions
46.105.111.32:25954;SharpCraft
play.mcbloxnet.eu;Blox Network
198.24.171.34:28251;Llama Craft
play.arsenicmc.us;Arsenic-Mc
198.24.152.68;Faction Realms
209.188.12.210:39380;Bubcraft
198.49.66.118;RubberChicken
216.172.107.212;65craft
poisonousnetwork.mcph.co:25645;Poisonous Networks
66.85.165.170:25987;ZombieMart
192.99.21.28:25943;NoahPvP
mc.gameserverslatinos.com;- Gameserverslatinos  -
mc.blazemine.com:26375;BlazeMine
oblivion.apexminecraft.com;Oblivion Forever
192.210.136.230:25765;PsychoCraft
stompcraft.mcserver.tv;Stomp Craft Bending
main.minecrack.fr.nf;minecrack.fr.nf
sgt.mcph.co;sgt network
centrecraft.mcph.co:25671;Need Staff
somecraft.fluctis.com;somecraft
192.3.138.71;CobbleCraft | Factions PVP 24/7
23.235.232.89;potatoland
Takastory.com;QuestedCraft
emc.mcph.co;EMC Network
119.81.65.243:25667;Stevez
theaxis.net;The Axis Network
play.azuremc.me;Azure Freebuild
GTAMC.net;GTAMC
CreatureNetwork.nl:25783;Creature Network
play.communitycube.uk;Community Cube
107.161.177.188;InfinityBender
213.239.202.156:25600;IceCold Cubes
198.24.141.66;TheRadTeam
Play.PowerFul-MC.Net;PowerFul-MC
Minecraft.PowerFul-MC.Net;Survival - RankWorld - Factions - PvP
Game.PowerFul-MC.Net;Creative - SurvivalPlots - Hide&Seek
MC.PowerFul-MC.Net;OP-Prison - SkyGrid - Parkour - SkyBlock
50.31.103.178:26241;MNGCraft
MC.Satopaa.Fi;Spleef - CTF - HG - PaintBall
op.CycloneNetwork.org;Cyclone Network
216.172.107.194;NotDeadYet Minecraft Survival
s6.hosthorde.com:25748;SpalatoCraft RPG Factions
192.227.136.83:25765;BBE Gaming
Adventure.PowerFul-MC.Net;PowerFul MineCraft Server
162.244.166.11:25861;DaEmeraldTerritory
198.100.159.190;BeastSky-Block
mc.minefrenzy.com;MineFrenzy
titansociety.us.to;Titan Society
minestrap.com;minestrap.com
mychunk.pl;MyChunk
hardcoreservers.com;HardCoreServers
moonsky.minecraft.to;MoonSky  Server
23.235.235.50:35519;RevCraft OP Factions PVP
play.krunchykraft.com;Krunchy
SpyTeam.hosthorde.net:25692;SpyTeam
tsatozimc.beastmc.com;tSatoZis MC
192.99.21.123:25977;ExilePrison
lapis.g.akliz.net;Lapis Games Network
184.154.99.62;Game or Be Lame
mc.hysteria-factions.net;Hysteria
50.31.103.74;Hyper-MC
play.VendettaPvP.net;VendettaPvP
198.154.103.119;Grotus Craft
as.ggateway.net:25599;Generation Gateway | Agrarian Skies
whackyminecraft.com;Whacky Craft
84.200.27.236:25885;EliteServer
198.24.165.154:30180;PixelBralwers
198.23.247.4;SalvagePvP
37.59.200.67;Konoki Kingdom
198.24.167.170:26065;Mc-WarCraft
198.50.159.160;GurrCraft Networks
217.114.196.76;DarkCraftDE
flame.ga;Flame.ga - Free OP Server
23.235.224.18:33662;LazeCraft
legendprison.mcpro.co;legend prison
velocitycore.mcpro.co;Velocitycore Factions
mc.cubedparadise.com;Cubed Paradise
skylandpvp.mcph.eu:35501;Skylandpvp
31.214.167.15;Kingdom Server 
WantedPvP.ServerMiner.com:26048;WantedPvP
162.244.166.61:43035;SuperSurvival
198.20.117.68;HerpoCraft
glowingmc.com;Glowing MC
mc.evolvecraft.com:25575;Evolvecraft Bukkit
209.105.236.140;SunsetCraft
192.99.21.163:26251;SurgeCraft
184.95.61.122:45959;WolfCraft
198.23.157.77;Emerald Kingom
PvP.CraftCube.Com.BR;CraftCube - PvP
mc.minehard.com.ar;MineHard
192.227.136.53;KobbleKore
exoticskyblock.beastmc.com;Exotic Skyblock
119.81.66.147:25661;Raptycraft
aw151.no-ip.biz;Sunny Valley
7.mengcraft.com;Seventh Space-China 
184.164.152.188;Armand Fortress
CookieCreative.us.to;CookieCreative
sunnyshadowz.no-ip.org;SunnyShadowz
185.4.149.37:25561;Balkan Minecraft
minecraft.from-ca.com;VivaCrypt Craft
192.95.7.197;MinerThon
198.23.157.108;ASAP Realms
mc.arithia.com;Arithia
mc.ipots.us;iPoT Raiding
purge-craft.com;PurgeSurvival
play.basicpvp.net;BasicPVP
beastgamings.mcpro.co;Beastgamings Hub
minecraft.sheen.id.au;Mikeland
mc.impulseprison.com;Impulse-Prison
Mc-Wars.org;Mc Wars
66.85.176.26:25669;RunningWild PVP
mc.creativitycraft.net;CreativityCraft
64.31.50.247;Gempire Creative
162.244.167.41:25812;FrozenMC
clusterbrain.net;ClusterBrain
purge-craft.com;PurgeKitPvP
purge-craft.com;PurgeFactions
mc.thecubeserver.org;The Cube Server
162.245.0.143;Everblight
hub.cyborn.org;Cyborn Network 2.0
Borderlandhub.com;Borderland Prison
Glowingmc.com;Glowing MC
warriorpvp.mcph.co;warriorpvp
technoblock.uk.to;TechnoCraft
play.arcadia-craft.com;Arcadiacraft Faction Server 
zombiecraft.co:25854;ZombieCraft
BraveSOTF.com;BraveSOTF
185.16.84.206:25765;Gridnation 
185.16.84.206:25765;Gridnation 24/7 - No griefing -
176.31.142.65;CookieCraft
188.122.88.133:25769;Kingdom of Nations
mcblockout.net;MCBlockout
75.127.10.147;Tucana
mc.gmbox.es;GMBox
mc.gmbox.es;GMBox
mc.auca.co.uk;Auca - Survival PVP Minigames More
kraftkings2.mcph.co;KraftKings2
play.thenethertribe.ga;TheNetherTribe
162.245.2.243;MedeivalEmpires
192.95.49.177;ErTopia
cutecraft.mcph.co;CuteCraft
jugar.mcraftlat.com;Minecraft Latino
s25.hosthorde.com:25940;SurgeCraft
epiccloudmc.com;EpicCloudMC
play.blitz-mc.com;Blitz-MC
play.arsenicmc.us;arsenicMc
wolfpack.fluctis.com;WolfPackCraft
85.236.107.5:26265;RealCraft
46.105.99.80:25831;de kiptopia server
mcjbcraft.net;JBCraft Network
192.99.44.133;Legacy Wars
23.235.230.187;LegendsMc
elitecraftmc.beastmc.com;CosmiCraft
199.187.120.125:25716;The Ledge
75.127.11.183;Redstone Realms
RubyCraft.co;RubyCraft
play.explorationcraft.com;Exploration craft
xXDungeonCraftXx.com;DungeonCraft
play.landofores.com;Land Of Ores
shadowworld.minecraftserver.co.nz:25707;The Realm
198.24.164.162:35152;AceCraft
prison.TechGE3Ks.com;PrisonTech
20.mcserver.org;Pokeelite
CookieCreative.us.to;CookieCreative
mc.worldpresets.com;Minecraft World Presets
sundayoptional.mcalias.com;Sunday Optional MC
CrimsonMC.net;Crimson Minecraft
69.162.66.9;GalaxyCraft
mc.goodlifegaming.com;GoodLife Gaming
play.ironnetwork.org;IronNetwork
pie_land.hosthorde.net:25873;Pie Land
23.235.224.34:25997;DoryLand
minetown.uk.to;MineTown
mc.infiniteprison.net;Infinite Networks
75.127.11.183;Redstone Realms
MoleCraft.Net:25820;MoleCraft
raicraft.mcph.co;RaiCraft
deadshift.net;DeadShift Crafting Dead
ItzPvP.net;ItzPvP.net | Factions | mcMMO |
192.227.227.234;The NaPali Realms
play.goldguardmc.net;GoldGuardMC
198.154.121.199;N46 - server11352 - geoffman123
37.187.147.128;Crazypvp
64.31.50.226:25566;Evan-Craft
Mc.ChunkPlay.Net;Chunkplay The best
xplodenation.com;XplodeNation.
46.4.60.2:25603;SmukkyCraft
rcnhosting.com;Retro-Mc Network
pvp.shorcraft.com;ShorCraft
mastacraft.net;MastaCraft Towny and Bending
defusepvp.com;Defuse PvP
mc.stardistrict.us;StarDistrict
198.49.66.100;Doom_Craft
75.127.11.183;Redstone Realms
162.244.165.61:25612;GlowCraft
whackyminecraft.com;WhackyCraft
play.mineville.cu.cc;MineVille
mc.injectbrasil.esy.es;BetaCraftBR
bearcraft.beastmc.com;Bearcraft HCF
thylands.no-ip.org;Thy Lands
69.175.115.10;RazorMC
mineland.pl;Mineland
mc.goldenpixelmon.com;GoldenPixelmon
timelordpvp.mcpro.eu;TimeLordPvP
mc13.fadehost.com:25941;Miners Alley
108.170.18.10:25618;The Dog House
184.164.152.170;The Orange Network 24/7
hub.gh-mc.net;The GHMC Server Network
185.28.188.139:49465;GiroCraft
CookieCreative.us.to;CookieCreative
CookieCreative.us.to;CookieCreative
mc.hosting-uy.com:25595;Royal Craft
ca3.netherbyte.com:25597;Haybale Spigot Network
pvp.Desteria.com;desteria
162.223.9.233;Cosmic factions 
23.235.232.114:59978;FunTime
mc.pixellife.us;PixelLife
MythicCover.ax.lt;Mythic cover
Beanonaboard.net;Beanonaboard.net
mireoak.net;MireOak
192.3.142.249;Dedrealms
minecloud-mc.com;MineCloud-MC
mc.auca.co.uk;Helion
WaroftheRaces.mcserver.ws;War of the Races
184.95.35.194:52702;WoodCraft Need Staff
192.99.47.164:25633;Tempius
MC03.buddyboxhosting.com:25585;DK FlappyMC
198.52.168.132:25639;Pepsist-craft
rainpvp.factions.ws;Prision
McTopPvp.net;McTopPvp
mc.geekingreen.com;Geekingreen
37.59.200.69;Solar-PVP
178.63.18.151;McDiamondDK
minezone-united.de;Minezone United Netzwerk
mc.variantcraft.com;VariantCraft
198.24.185.18:30320;KingCraft
75.127.11.183;Redstone Realms
mc.nsgnmc.nn.pe:25582;NonStopGamingNation
mc.ancientcraftserver.net;ancientcraft
play.rsblockmc.com;The Redstone Block 
192.99.240.64;MineBro
mc.jellteks.com;Jellteks
PrisonUniverse.us;Prison Universe
184.171.173.50:56389;mattRlive server
ufhub.beastmc.com;UltimateFlameHub
Galactic-network.net;Galactic Skyblock
162.223.9.233;CosmicPvP
minecrack.gameserv.co;minecrack
Dominia.factions.ws;Factions Of Dominia
us.Mineplex.net;EUplex
mineshaftpvp.zapto.org;MineShaftpvp
supercookiemc.mc-srv.com:10974;CookieCraft
alphacrafting.mcph.co:25762;Alpha Craft
119.81.65.245:25630;MusicCraft
OP.PRISONmine.com;SpyDragon87
198.24.139.170:25745;PavilionCraft Smp Mcmmo Protection New
62.210.234.100:10248;PvP Faction
grattoncraft.beastmc.com;Gratton Craft
kingcraft.beastmc.com;KingCraft
outrageprison.net;OutragePrison
31.220.14.19;SeanMinecraftServer
66.85.149.210:33723;MouseCraft
DayZUniverse.nn.pe:25585;DayZ Universe - Dont use port
162.244.164.51:25596;GlowRed
Mc.InfernoCraft.net;InfernoCraft
therealblocksmp.tk;The Block SMP
gommehd.net;GommeHD
chizocraft.fluctis.com;Chizocraft
play.battlepvp.com;Battle PvP
corruptioncraft.mcserver.ws;corruptioncraft
bppvp.mcpro.co;BP PvP
mc.picklecraft.net;Piecraft
mc.thediamondcloud.com;The Diamond Cloud
kazc.mymc.io;Minecraft KAZC Server
173.236.100.218:43543;PieCraft
glowingmc.com;Glowing MC
pvp.microfactions.net;MicroFactions
play.shirecraft.us;The Shire
mc.XenicCraft.net;XenicCraft
arcadecreative.serverminer.com;Arcade Creative
thecrafterz.beastmc.com;TheCrafterz
5.135.141.163:26020;YourFight
kingcraft.nitrous.it:25581;KingCraft
mc.excitecraft.net;ExciteCraft
play.minevictus.net;Minevictus Network
198.52.168.132:25639;Pepsist-craft
198.143.140.115;Supreme-Factions
184.95.61.122:45962;MyxerCraft
72.5.195.114;Necessity Gaming
Skyblock.xyz;Skyblock
mc.ecocitycraft.com;adrian123
mc.BCLNation.net;BCLNation
mineablehub.mcph.co;MineableHub
mc.daestrapvp.com;Daestra PvP
mineablehub.mcph.co;MineableHub
gtamc.net;Gta
198.52.168.132:25639;Pepsist-Craft
76.14.112.75;Acherons code
184.171.249.208;AlpacaCraft
mc.minecraftgames.com.br;MinecraftGames
185.38.148.152:25571;Hellfiregames
burakoyunda.axitrbilisim.com;Banger
192.99.47.146:40651;Arvahall Survival - Simple Clans - Ps
178.33.81.157;Res-Publica
85.190.165.173;TigerCraft
my-minecraft.kicks-ass.net;my-minecraft.kicks-ass.net
mc.projectpork.eu:25639;Project Pork
mc.forbiddenpvp.com;ForbiddenPvP
p.creepymcserver.co.uk;CreepyMCServer
66.85.165.170:26183;Zamoraks server
theprocrafters.fluctis.com;TheProCrafters
mc15.fadehost.com:25607;Faction Server 
lithiumcraft.nn.pe:25609;Lithiumcraft
finn.mymc.io;Nathan Classic
185.38.148.152:25571;Hellfire games
Mc.Crewniverse.com;Crewniverse
Destiny-Network.net;DestinyNetwork
play.eternallegends.net;Eternal Legends
Op-pvp.me;Op pvp factions
KaosKraft.mcpro.co;KaosKraft
play.mcpixelquest.net;PixelQuest
72.46.129.204;Lankeltonia
viscernity.com;Viscernity
198.50.141.85;GunsAndMagic
Vexzileprison.com;Vexzileprison
universal.mcph.co;Universal Prison
s52.hosthorde.com:25604;ToastCraft
mesabi.mcph.co;MesabiLanding
167.114.0.89;EverythingSurvival
162.252.10.237:26071;Land of the Ancients
sandmine.net;Sandmine
elementalfactions.net;Elemental Factions
mc.team9000.net;Team9000 - Survival
HordePvP.net;HordePvP
FineWiredMc.Net:64790;FineWiredMC
mc.ecocitycraft.com;olaf1199
TorMC.net;TorMC
37.187.144.68:26080;UltimationCraft
162.244.165.101:25658;KevCraft
play.majestic-network.ml;Majestic Network
seabroshd.beastmc.com;SeaBrosHD PvP Server
82.145.58.139;Ben jiCraft
SPvP.net;The Spark
185.28.188.163:43820;FireArrow
184.95.35.194:52707;Naruto Flame RPG
node40.minecrafted.net:25755;PlasmaDragonPixelmon
Mc.Oortu.Com;Oort Universe
play.sunleashed.net;Shadow Unleashed FTB
numbrain.net;Numbrain Prison
extravoltage.net;Extravoltage Pixelmon
Kaoskraft.mcpro.co;KaosKraft
time2play.mc-srv.com;Time2Play
mc.ecocitycraft.com;andrewkm
s42.hosthorde.com:26044;LanisCraft
gtahub.com;GTA-hub
christian.egginton.com;Bugcraft
192.95.30.81:25757;The Cookie Community
play2.arcadia-craft.com;Arcadia Survival Server
inferno-pvp.zapto.org;The Inferno network
144.76.67.179:25615;Age Of The Insane
198.24.177.74:29238;KingCraft 2
theauramc.mcph.eu:26430;The Aura MC
tankednation.net;Tanked Nation
BendingMC.com;Elderon
119.81.65.254:25933;FlameKnightHD
198.23.247.85;Texyk
sittinginthebox.com;SittingInTheBox
pvp.mg-craft.org;mGCraft Factions PvP
mc.diamcraft.com;DiamCraft
77.111.254.248;AgeOfVanilla
23.235.224.2:38038;UnlocatedPrison
UnlocatedPrison.mcph.co;UnlocatedPrison OP
192.198.91.87;AllStarPVP
minecraft.blockzone.org:25300;Block zone
play.cubecraftgames.net;Cube Craft
mc.terrestracraft.com;TerrestraCraft
flat.core-network.us;Flatcore Superflat Hardcore Survival
WarCraft.crystal-serv.com:25575;WarCraft
188.40.42.150:25566;Dracay
mc.oortu.com;OortUnvierse
wundercraft.mcph.co;Wunder Craft
Mineplex.eu;ObstanticMC
158.58.172.226;SkyrimMc
198.144.179.34:26108;Bedrock Republic
162.244.165.131;CreampuffCraft
192.198.206.222;LuxofWar Pixelmon
mc.crimsonempires.net;Crimson Empires
mc.audifypvp.us;AudifyPvP
108.170.18.90;PokeyMon | PixelMon Kanto Region
play.infinitecraft.info;InfiniteCraft
s.mcleiger.com;MCLeiger
148.251.81.84:25761;PrixizMc
cypruscraft.minecraft.to;CyprusCraft
play.experiencepvp.eu;xGuus
mc28.serverminer.com:25801;LibertyConflict
77.111.240.155;Wildbricks - FTB Infinity
Sparkprison.com;Spark Prison
BlockOCraft.craft.vg;blockocraft Network
75.127.11.41;Wonderland Survival
54.191.16.48;BlazeCraft
brix-craft.us;Brix-Craft
sv.traicioncraft.com;City Traicion Craft
162.244.164.59;Super Craft Network
mc-knights.net;Knight Realms Network
108.166.163.140;Wicked Sick Survival
play.craftedcloud.com;CraftedCloud
kingdomsfight.mcph.co:34055;KingdomsFight
198.143.139.108;Power Force
wotcraft.mcpro.co;WotCraft
198.143.154.39;ModicityMC
play.ProMcGames.com;ProMcGames
s5.hosthorde.com:25617;QuartzCraft
kyfoonpvp.com;KyfoonPvP
s6.hosthorde.com:25597;The360server
198.154.111.197;SkookCraft
Play.Blaziingcraft.tk;BlazingCraft
pvp.endersouls.com;Endersouls
195.154.16.176:27799;GenesisCraft
188.254.209.233;NedGamingNext
play.theemeraldage.net;TheEmeraldAge
mc15.fadehost.com:25622;Derp Land
mc.friskynetwork.net;Frisky Network
78.143.3.59;McFrostFlame
mc7.spillvert.no:25734;MC Norway
Monman11.COM;Monman11.COM
mineablehub.mcph.co;MineableHub
77.111.247.73;Milomaz1
spil.goldenuniverse.dk;GoldenUniverse  Det guld det her
85.131.204.179;GodCraft.minecraft.gs
unitedcloud.org;UnitedNetwork
mcgg.us;MCGG.us
185.38.148.167:25586;T2 Craft
SpaceLegacy.mcho.us;SpaceLegacy
mc5.fadehost.com:26022;XTrem3B-Team
192.3.46.102;Ravage Network
64.31.50.205;BloodyPvp
mc.fearfactions.es;Fear Factions
agcraft.beastmc.com;AGCraft
alphacraft.mcserver.ws;AlphaCraft
198.27.67.122:25767;RangerCraft
FusionKraft.mcph.co:4332;FusionKraft
192.223.27.42:25590;ForgeLabs
play.lukesminecraft.tk:56412;Lukes Minecraft
OPAnarchy.com;OP-Anarchy
185.38.148.167:25567;PalsProcrast PvP Factions More
Play.McMisfits.net;Minecraft Misfits
162.220.58.217:25618;Diplocraft
dumbledoresarmy.mcserver.ws;Dumbledores Army
mcsandman.no-ip.biz;Aarons World
play.mineclash.com;loste
sv.traicioncraft.com;TraicionCraft
198.154.110.35;MythicalCraft
mcwitherhub.net;cotton0candy
soul-craft.me;SoulCraft Network
209.105.238.228;DreadCraft
LGCraft.com;LGCraft
162.244.166.101:25570;RealCraft
Ecocitycraft.com;MinersBreak
pokebros.astrogamingnetwork.com;PokeBros Pixelmon
107.178.105.56;Hydrocity Gaming
rpgfactions.com;RPG Factions
mc.sugacraft.com;SugaCraft
119.81.145.68:25620;MCCreate
mc.trippersgames.com;TripperGames
mc.acepvp.org;AcePvP | Factions | mcMMO | Auctions |
162.244.164.89;LynxxPvP
mc.thehomeworld.org;The Home World
ACOGuards.de;ACOGuards.de
37.187.144.68:26080;UltimationCraft
SwungSword.com;SwungSword
192.95.61.90;ImperioCraft
23.235.224.18:25688;CoolCraftMC
184.154.16.178:45239;The EnderCow Server
198.24.164.74:40071;Staff needed
play.appeltjens.nl:25640;AppeltjensMC
184.154.186.44;ShadowCraft
s.dicecraft.de;Dicecraft
UnboundPvP.nn.pe:25597;UnboundPvP
mc.vividcraft.net;VividCraft
185.38.148.167:25566;ParagonMC
mcstrike.net;MCStrike
37.59.165.194:25581;MikeCraft
play.sixtycraft.info:27029;SixtyCraft FreeBuild Survival
PavCraft.com;PavCraft
play.syphermc.com;SypherMC
198.24.171.114:32004;Freehaven
smsmcraft.com;SmSm Craft
play.redstonedgaming.com;Redstoned Gaming
play.dmzcraft.com;DMZCraft
66.85.150.11:27455;The Rotten Bananas
minecraft.lostshard.com;Lostshard
99.198.98.69;OpFaction
81.30.153.242;OldPvP
jfs.dyndns.org;Fadedcraft
SwordGameMC.net;SwordGameMC
Mc.BavariaZ.com;BavariaZ
96.43.133.102:25575;QwerCraft
siennamc.mcph.co;SiennaMC
play.ss-mc.co;Simply Survival
arcane.mymc.io;Arcane Survival
BGNOnline.net;BGN Online
195.82.159.104;Xalvation From Tyranny
mc.crewniverse.com;Crewniverse
wolffac.tk;Wolf Factions
play.cakerage.net;CakeRage
e1.fulleffectservers.com;LaxCraft
cyclonenetwork.org;cyclonenetwork
cyclonenetwork.org;cyclonenetwork
Mcborders.com;Mcborders
SurvivalNetwork.mcserver.ws;Survival Network
184.164.75.152;McProjectPvP
herosfantasy.mcph.co;Heroes Fantasy
pureimagination.no-ip.org:25702;Pure Imagination
167.114.116.144:25610;EndersRealm
mc.rcmcs.info;renegade craft
mc.arkhamnetwork.org;Ink Craft
azorees.goo.vg;AzoreesMc
PrimeFactions.com;PrimeFactions.com
myhousecraft.ddns.net;MyHouseCraft
198.143.140.194;Victorious Craft
NewWorld.minecraft.gs;NewWorld
servidor.minecraft-esp.com;Minecraft-ESP
eu.mineplex.com;Logitech54
mc.minersrealm.net;MinersRealm
play.randomcraft.org:26666;RandomCraft
5.101.161.38;RQ-Gaming
hothpvpfaction.nn.pe:25577;HothPVPPVE
GrDragonSlayers.craft.vg;GrDragonSlayers
162.244.167.81:25667;Oddfire RP
108.60.217.144;The Northern Kingdom
DrugCraft.nn.pe:25610;DrugCraft
162.244.164.111:63534;Dracarys
DragonBaneMC.com:26253;DragonBane | Factions | McMmo | PvP
mc13.fadehost.com:25904;Eragroncraft
mc-chaos.net;Chaos Server
thewild.mcph.co;The Wilderness 2.0
JailHouseBlox.com;JailHouseBlox
99.198.98.85;Dig Big Tekkit Server
nachotown.com:25573;ChuicTon
NewWorld.minecraft.gs;NewWorld
88.150.162.242;Echalon
Keyinator.net;KeyinatorServer
play.mcparadise.tk;McParadise
198.154.120.232;InfinityRealms
SurvivalCraftFr.minecraft-mania.fr;SurvivalCraft
198.23.247.156;EnderCraft
springcraft.mcph.co;SpringCraft
play.minedead.net;MineDead
skeletonserver.dip.jp;SkeletonServer
play.forntida-krigare.com:65195;Forntida Krigare
66.85.162.146:26178;Zinx Network
23.235.236.92;ReachPrison
pvp.mc-cubeland.net;vitor0789
198.178.122.94:25916;Everything Craft
hub.excelmc.net;Excel OP Network
162.244.165.91:25774;Pikagaming
107.3.104.13;Troyslostbattalian Main and PVP
PotentialMC.com;PotentialMC
snarfy.cloudapp.net;SnarfyCraft
play.mineclue.com;MineClue
MagmaCraft.vgmc.us:25763;MagmaCraft
morky.us.to;MorkyCraft
play.crafthub.net;Crafthub
198.24.177.74:29258;HangoutInc.
185.38.148.178:25571;SinglePringles
play.meridiancraft.net;MeridianCraft
142.4.204.2;emeraldpvp
23.95.30.216;HopperCraft
S7.hosthorde.com:25658;Atomic Legends
craftpros.mcpro.co;CraftPros Towny- CraftBukkit
prisonpoint.mcpro.co;Prison Point
bapcraft.com;bapcraft.com
agcraft.beastmc.com;Agcraft
mc.darkspin.com;Darkspin
Pigcrafters.com;Pigcraft
184.95.61.122;LeafNetWork
CinemaPrison.com;CinemaPrison
pixelmon.sedexrsps.com:55555;Pikadex
mc.gawdscape.com;GawdScape
mc.Oviumcraft.com;OviumCraft
b7.lionhost.org;Redstoners
mc.theburrow.net;The Burrow
77.111.198.248;FoopiCraft
198.20.127.118;Minecraft.xyz
warriorrealms.com;Warrior Realms
94.23.19.200;ZarpGaming
LeVCraft.net;LeV Craft
50.7.229.12;GoonPvP
216.172.106.213;NirvannaCraft
mc.tinysmp.net;Tiny Vanilla SMP
91.145.127.249;ExploitCraft
mc.carceremcraft.com;CarceremCraft - Survival
main.risenempires.com;RisenEmpires
play.mc-lc.net;LegionCraft
play.AwesomePowered.net;PoweredByAwesome
epiccraftnetwork.iotn.co:25102;EpicCraftNetwork
mc-knights.net;KnightRealms Network
play.neogenpvp.com;NeoGen
s39.hosthorde.com:25862;Radiant Twilight Skyblock
goldiecraft.beastmc.com;Goldiecraft
cia-server.servegame.com;Marvins Survival Server
mc.packcraft.co;PackCraft
hellonearth.beastmc.com;Dansk pixlmon server
mc.gamingshmaming.net;Gaming Shmaming
goosecrafts.no-ip.org;Goosecraft
play.maniacrafting.com;Maniacrafting
hexxit.mcconquer.org;MCConquer
46.4.60.2:25576;BeastCraft
37.187.139.123:26636;Random Craft
198.24.165.154:59597;Dimensional Blockz
23.95.30.228;Dantorian Space Race
mc.viper786.com;Viper Server
198.24.174.98:46591;AndaparCraft
mc.Imprisoned.me;Imprisoned
play.epicprison.tk;EpicPrison
mc.minerholics.com;MinerHolics
198.24.169.74:27683;The Hood
198.20.109.228;MortenCrafts Server
trolldroid.com;trolldroid.com
minecraftcows.mcpro.co:34578;Minecraft Cows
119.81.145.68:25807;CjNetwork
tronyx.no-ip.org;TronyxCraft
artangocraft.mcph.co:25855;Artango Craft
Tentrumcraft.nitrado.net;TentrumCraft
NewWorld.minecraft.gs;NewWorld
NewWorld.minecraft.gs;NewWorld
eco.darkpixelmc.com;DarkPixel
chaoscraftpvp.net;ChaosCraft
play.project-x.me;Project-X
162.244.167.111:43395;chancraft
mc.ancientcraftserver.net;AncientCraft
74.142.44.148;Triple 7 Network
199.188.100.213:25665;MiCraft v5
192.187.118.202:25571;Haven Mc
play.minedead.net;minedead
play.galacticgamers.net:25628;GalacticGamers
107.6.188.76;Nobajit Craft
blackenedpvp.net;BlackenedPvP
37.187.88.179;WideCraft
godhub.net;GodHub
kikotte.tk:25590;Therobixz
infinity.daddeltown.de;Daddeltown_Infinity
mc.superultracraft.com;Superultracraft
37.59.237.233;Skygins Tekkit
Donorcraft.com;Donorcraft
SMP.RaidedMines.Com:25602;RaidedMines
play.clubexclusive.nl;Club Exclusive HUB
mc.tiki-craft.com;Tiki-Craft
alienmc.xyz;AlienMC
mc4.b-craft.org:25575;BloodCraft Naruto Realism
192.210.236.164:25665;CivEmpire
digfordiamonds.com;Dig For Diamonds
198.24.160.34:28283;MC Fresh
72.20.52.4:25649;My Test Server
72.20.52.4:25649;My Test Server
mc.warsoul.net;WarSoul Fandom Variety
192.210.236.148:25765;Mys-Tech (Yogs Complete 2.9.3.2)
McFresh.Mcpro.co:1;McFresh
Pigcrafters.com;OP FACS
162.248.244.43;battle-craft survival
mc.qboid.nl;Qboid
HypedPvP.nn.pe:25593;HypedPvP
mc.craftrealms.com;CraftRealms
mc.1game1chance.com.au;1Game1Chance RPG QUest Server
play.climaxcraft.com;survival
world-empires.com;ThePaxCommunirt
162.244.166.31:55742;Chicken_craft
192.99.44.133;DeathlyCraft
MinigameMC.com;MinigameMC
mc.kaevik.ee;Minecraft Fortress freshworld
69.195.134.115;SquarePigPvP
119.81.145.69;survival server
creative.sunfury.org;Sunfurycreative
mc8.fadehost.com:25741;Snap OP Prison
i1.mailforme.co.uk;KaBlueyCraft
HazePrison.com;Haze Prison
torchmine.suroot.com;torchmine
n6.csrv.pl:14834;MCIsland
23.95.30.251;xxooss
KhaozPvP.Com;KhaozPvP.com
mc.arkhamnetwork.org;madwolf269
minecraft.seykun.com;World Architecture with Everyone Server
185.57.188.180;Globe-Community
80.84.64.99;Alexs Freebuild survival
cobblestonecommunity.net;Cobblestone Community
eu.igghq.com;Independent Gaming Group
play.HyperMC.org;HyperMC
vtownhood.mymc.io;AssassinCraft
play.hydraplex.net;The Hydraplex Network
198.24.185.74:46450;BedrockPvP
87.98.139.117:26365;JurassicCraft TheFreezeSurvival
198.24.165.234:30210;Mini Arcade Craft
23.95.30.145;Dovercraft
play.freesidemc.com;Freeside MC
mc.veteransofwar.us;Guilds Of War
bmcserver.bounceme.net;BouncyMc
119.81.145.68:25807;CjNetwork
69.175.28.228;ExproCraft
FreeBuilds.mcpro.co;Creative Server
GTAV.nn.pe:25585;GTA new york
188.122.88.15:25566;PlanetServers
cjnetwork.mcpro.co:25807;CJ Network
mc.starminepvp.org;Starmine Factions
209.188.2.2:25571;IceKraft
spil.craft-dk.net.in:25570;CraftDk
e1.lionhost.org:25628;DiamondCraft
ember.beastmc.com;Kingdoms of Ember
sjmc.pw;SuijurisMC Network
play.origingaming.ca;Origin Gaming
highnation.us;Highnation
94.23.5.120:25566;Cdc-cure
192.95.49.186;VanillaMC
94.249.254.168;Kanonia - reloaded
198.20.126.125;BSK Galaxy
glorycraft.mymc.io;GloryCraft
198.143.131.99;Kingdom of Naelov
119.81.145.68:25807;CjNetwork
192.3.46.98;Laughcraft
216.172.99.115;WilliamCraft
PadsCraft.com;PadsCraft
play.vortexpvp.com;vortex network
play.vortexpvp.com;vortex network
play.promcgames.com;ProMCGames
62.138.2.162:25568;ApexCraft Survival
opanarchy.co;OP Anarchy (NEW)
nexus.gexgaming.com;GexGaming
mc.havocnetwork.net;Havoc Network
185.38.148.164:25602;Pure Vanilla Survival
mc.havocnetwork.net;Havoc Network
suitinacow.com;suitinacow
119.81.145.68:25807;CjNetwork
192.210.236.43:25665;Fortunes End
Olympiancraftgt.us.to;OlympianCraftGT
fraq.us;Fraq Network
162.244.167.99; MythicalPVP
162.244.167.99;MythicalCraft
198.154.103.253;Creeper City
play.mineous.com;Mineous
aesirprison.net;AesirPrison
162.244.167.41:25749;The Land of Broken Flames
s33.hosthorde.com:25925;PericulumCraft
162.223.9.248;LunaRGaming
85.114.128.85:26114;DerpCraft
minecity.ga.md;MineCity
looccraft.com;LoocCraft
69.175.43.18;PixelmonOrgins
69.175.43.18;PixelmonOrgins
23.235.232.56:26044;strongcraft survival
46.32.53.7:25566;BlueRace
bigdmc.beastmc.com;Twilight-Realm
upallnightcrafting.mymc.io;UpAllNightCrafting
192.0.242.137;CiderSpy Creative Server
play.minecraftex.com;MineCraftEx
rp.darakos.net;The Lands of Darakos - Roleplay Server
66.85.185.178:26784;Fire Craft
209.188.4.34:26024;Zelda factions
HellaPvP.com;Hella PvP
50.31.103.178:26241;MNGCraft
cjnetwork.mcpro.co;CjNetwork
TechnicPack.PL;TechnicPack.PL
185.38.148.174:25582;CameronFTWs server
188.165.158.180;Galaxy-Survival
play.crypticcraft.club;CrypticCraft
play.craftlife.com.br;Craft Life - Survival
23.235.232.99:25844;Combat Factions
yog.gone-squatchin.com;Gone-Squatchin Yogscast Complete
play.republiccraftpvp.com;RepublicCraftPVP
108.170.21.42:29470;Minebox-Network Op prison
Dinkusland.mcph.co;DinkusLand
ironboltmc.com;Ironbolt Prison
bestminecraftserver.us;Best MC Factions Survival PvP
45.35.95.217:25581;Wholesome PvP
play.blightpvp.com;BlightPvP
crystalpvp.beastmc.com;CrystalPvP
RoyalEmpire.mcserver.ws;RoyalEmpireMC
CryptorPrison.com;CryptorPrison
UWARS.NET;UWARS
www.vanilla-craft.com;Vanilla Craft
play.lodescape.com;Lodescape play.lodescape.com
162.244.165.141;Vanilla Roaming
162.244.164.1:25586;DireAK
mc.corpmore.com;CorpMore
198.20.77.234:32527;DonkeyWorld
playskycraft.us.to;SkyCraft Network 
198.15.115.123;Survival Bukkit Server
162.244.166.71:25859;EnderCraft 
slaycraft.mcpro.co;Slaycraft
s27.hosthorde.com:25946;Minecraft Mayhem 
mc.uhdmc.co.uk:25765;UHDMC
176.9.22.4:25567;FreakOutPvP
mc.engineertroops.com;Engineertroops 
178.32.56.155:25625;The Craft Attack
UnitedGamingServers.nn.pe:25587;UnitedGamingServers
198.24.171.34:63330;OnionCraft
mc.armyzone.dk;ArmyZone - Pvp og Faction server
198.24.167.242:25585;CRAFTUN 1
184.164.140.202:59391;CRAFTUN 2
199.193.113.98:25905;The ManCraft Network
Olimpo.me;MonsterCraft
swiftclawscove.serverminer.com:25793;SwiftclawCove
play.mc-rehab.com;Rehab
hub.conquestiamc.com;Conquestia
playushard.mcgamecraft.com;MCGameCraft
184.171.249.252;OwlCraft
37.187.146.16;HybridCraft
marscrafting.mcph.co;Marscraft
bomb.beastmc.com;swagcrew
SimpleSB.net;Simple Skyblock
5.62.96.27;NetRox
184.95.50.148;OddCraft
mc.dynamiverse.com;Dynamiverse
78.143.16.103;R.Naturecraft (cracked)
InFactions.us.to;InFactions
162.244.167.110;Club Paradise minecraft server
23.108.77.68; DiamondGamers.net 
s16.hosthorde.com:25818;ElienCraft
76.14.112.75;AcheronsCode
Sup3rdr4k3.mcserver.ws;Sup3rDr4k3s Server
RetroKits.Us;RetroKits
cakemine.net;CakeMine
play-mcta.us;MineCraft Total Anarchy
mc.ornah.net:26976;orNah Nation
DestinyPvP-Network.com:25595;Destiny Network
play.delvedeepmc.com;DelveDeep
198.50.234.43;Resurrection
mc.diquemc.com;Dique MC
vapormc.com;VaporMC
GCPVP.COM;The Best Sever In The World
mc.optimuscraft.com;Optimus Craft
185.36.151.5:25665;Crystalserver Minecraft SMP 24/7
play.sonoyuncu.com;Son Oyuncu Network
198.154.120.253;Not Your Normal Minecraft Server
skelacraft.net;Skelacraft
the-bench.me;The Bench
184.164.77.149;ShadowCraft
217.114.196.21;rooscraft
184.164.77.149;ShadowCraft
phantomprison.beastmc.com;PhantomOPPrison A-Z fortuneblock
162.216.97.4;Minediction
sfcraft.beastmc.com;SFCRAFT
mc.craftrelms.com;SquishyAlyssa
s.myminecraft.com;MMC
diggisurvival.net;Diggi Survival 
kaoskraft.mcpro.co;Kaoskraft Faction PvP
108.170.22.58:28001;Pimp Pvp
mc.VoxCraft.net;VoxCraft
85.114.132.138:25642;TDJ-Craft
37.187.144.68:26080;UltimationCraft
MagicFactions.mcph.co:25732;MagicFactions
198.24.175.58;dark mask studios network
217.198.142.165;UltraWorld
play.leadcraft.us;LeadCraft
play.grandiosepvp.com;GrandiosePvP
play.thedimensionnetwork.com:25839;The Dimension Network
23.95.30.235;Welcome to KnightCraft From BluePandazzz
Pro-PVP.com;Pro-PVP
join.avalonminecraft.net:28453;Avalon Minecraft
LegacyMC.shservers.net;LegacyMC
play.sentinelcraft.net;SentinelCraft
199.202.218.149;The Kingdom
play.antraxmc.com; AntraxMC Network   Factions and Prison
hub.gamers-inferno.us;Gamers Inferno
ModernMestiere.frostplay.net;r35h93
5.62.65.114;Stalkerdab
cccraft907.no-ip.org;Christ Nation
mc.bug-community.com;BuG Community Minecraft Server 1
198.24.173.178:62824;PhantMC
minester.beastmc.com;Minester
mc-creative.com;MC-Creative
Play.FeudalCraft.org;FeudalCraft
play.MontyCraft.com;MontyCraft
thepower.mcph.co;ThePower
play.diremc.com;DireMC
thepower.mcph.co;ThePower
ultimatepvp.co;UltimatePvP Network
labrie.ca;supercraft
46.4.101.163:25584;MineTrapGaming
nationmc.com;NationMC
s51.hosthorde.com:25583;Vanilla Craft
162.244.166.81:25669;MCshnazzy
EvolvedPvP.co.uk;EvolvedPvP
192.99.47.48:25854;UberCraft
mc.ragemc.net;RageMC
xfrozenmc.mcpro.co;FrozenMC
specpvp.com;SpecPvP
23.95.53.17;UltraNetworks
Hegemonie.ga;Hegemonie McMMo Factions
CCEU.eu;CCEU.EU
FatalOP.mcph.co;FatalOP Factions Server
mc27.crew.sk:25580;LuMpS
tsmc.pw;TheStratagemMC
mc.guavacraft.com;GuavaCraft
clearwatergaming.net;Clearwater Gaming - Yogscraft Complete
mc.playspiritcraft.com;SpiritCraft
robulus.draydns.de;Beyond the Horizon
206.217.132.252;Halogen MC
mc.prisonpoint.net; PrisonPoint 
mc.oceanet.es;OceaNet
185.38.148.30:25595;CookieCraft
198.24.171.90:34303;PerryDice
theironisland.us.to;The Iron Island
198.143.138.218:25571;BroCraft Raiding PVP and more
pvpharbour.mcph.eu;PVP Harbour
64.46.58.22;McElite
xcraft.fadehost.com;X-Craft PvP
play.denmarkinminecraft.com:25580;Denmark in Minecraft Survival
162.223.9.85;ASTCraft
Planet.x64.me;Planet.x64.me
opnation.org;OPNation
khaos.mcnode.net;Khaos Craft
176.31.21.154;CrispyCraft
162.244.166.61:40037;Empire De Muertos
guardians.4minecraft.de;Guardians Minecraft Realm
play.yahoopvp.com;YahooPVP
play.ballacraft.com:25665;BallaCraft 2.0
62.210.45.69:10314;Valhalla Minecraft
ocraft.uk.to;O Craft
play.Feltonmc.com;Felton MC
65.60.15.66;MCSproutica- Survival -Beta
fac.mysticraftpvp.com;Mega Factions
198.20.105.154;titanum-pvp
play.zaoby.co.uk;Zaoby Luna Network
play.starblazekits.us;Galaxy Kits
sparknetwork.mcph.co;SparkNetwork
cosmicprison.com;CosmicPrison
mc.tomatobasket.net;The Tomato Basket
AetherAssault.hosthorde.net:25923;AetherAssault
hardcoreservers.com;HardCoreServers
Stormcraft.mclextopia.com:25571;Stormcraft
208.167.251.43;LifeCraft
VitalMc.com;Vital MC
Vnlla.eu;Norgamerz
play.nostrumcraft.com;Nostrumcraft Network
37.187.144.68:26080;UltimationCraft
cedgepvp.com;legendscraft
Myncraft.org;Myncraft
digcraft.net;DigCraft
RPG.civcraft.de:25564;German Civ Craft RPG
turismopvp.com;TurismoPvP
46.174.49.40:25582;Attration
185.16.85.43:25665;Moderncraft
GalaticPvP.mcpickle.com;GalaticPvP
162.244.165.101:25794;BlockDimension
185.38.148.30:25572;TechnoCraft
198.24.177.66:43420;neofactions
blazemc.mcph.co;Blaze MC
185.38.148.184:25592;Minecrooft
ApolloPvP.com;ApolloPvP
185.38.148.54:25572;MC Basic Semi-Vanilla Community
mc.grumblernetwork.com;GrumbleCraft
162.244.166.81:25864;BananaCraft
GalaticPvP.mcpickle.com;GalaticPvP
liquidraid.apexminecraft.com:26130;LiquidRaids
play.diehard-mc.com;DieHard MC
mc.upc-live.com;UPC Factions
cookiefaction.crystal-serv.com:29695;CookieFaction
play.real-games.be;Real-Games
mc.citrosaft.com;yams on citrosaft
skynetwork.join-srv.net:25831;SkyNetwork
pathacraft.mcserver.ws;Path-A-Craft
198.24.128.234:26118;JaggedPvP | Factions |
185.38.148.47;Castle Craft
NexusIsland.Mcserver.ws;Nexus Island
185.38.148.30:25567;Oren Network - Pixelmon
mc.mcajax.com;Ajax Vanilla
s51.hosthorde.com:25604;Zombies Minecraft Server
mc.kadotatech.com;Minecraftia
192.99.149.174:25854;OblivionMC
198.15.88.226:26043;IcyLegends
sv.traicioncraft.com;TraicionCraft
23.235.232.56:29262;PokeRivals | 3.5.1 | Survival
play.mythicalpvp.net;MythicalPvP
209.105.245.217;galenamc network (kitpvp and factions)
Withercraft.de;Withercraft
c.bravemc.com;BraveMc
minelandsreloaded.sytes.net;Minelands
mc.pvp.pt;Mc.PvP.Pt
play.minecuft.com;Minecuft
mc.metch.us;Metchcraft Reloaded
play.mineultra.com;MineUltra Network
184.95.50.178:35837;Mediocre KitPvP
s4b.desireho.st:15073;SniperHG
nexmc.mcph.co;Nexmc
play.raicraft.com;RaiCraft | KitPVP
mc.crackedfordayz.com;CrackedForDayZ
162.244.164.71;GoldBlox
Play.OpCentral.Net;OP Central
kingscraft.us;Kingscraft
play-serverzone.ddns.net;Play-Serverzone
198.12.88.15;RealTekkit Official
198.24.185.26:25622;DinkusLand
89.99.200.221;Ethelin
89.99.200.221;Ethelin
mc.minederp.com;Minederp
23.235.235.110;MineNetwork
Yeci.co;Yeci
raidcrafft.com:25583;RaidCraft
prison.frozencraft.com;Frozen Craft Prison
108.170.4.130;TheRealmOfWholeNewEra
spidermansmp.mcph.co;SpiderCraft
bombnetwork.mcph.co;BombNetwork
metropoliscraft.mcserver.ws;Metropoliscraft
metropoliscraft.mcserver.ws;Metropoliscraft
mc.craftersrefuge.com;crafters refuge
s1.hosthorde.com:26149;eXquisiteMC
jokermc.sytes.net;JokeRCraft
23.235.232.84:25626;Emerald Craft
5youmc.com;5you... Projekt...
23.94.45.143:25665;Mc magic 
ZeroPvP.com;Zero PvP
metropoliscraft.mcserver.ws;Metropoliscraft
metropoliscraft.mcserver.ws;Metropoliscraft
23.95.34.171;Survine
colourcraft.veoserv.com:25587;Colour Craft
ms3.hicoria.com:25220;GullyCraft
ipvp.tv;ImmortalPvp
swagnetwork.mcpro.co;SwagNetwork
162.252.10.188;Dubstep Survival
PowerFul.McServer.Ws;PowerFul MineCraft Server
minecraft68.omgserv.com:10367;MelkerCraft
play.pats.computer;Pats.Computer - Survival
s3.hosthorde.com:25611;The Ruthless Faction
Play.stadiocraft.com;StadioCraft
104.37.29.210;FrozenCentral
85.131.153.47;Theyphania
mc.farlandsmp.com;FarlandSMP
lazzerpvp.net;Donate please or server shuts down
mc-central.com;DRCraft
mc-central.com;DRCraft
redcavernmc.mcph.co;redcavernmc
188.40.108.16:25577;KingCraft
198.178.127.8:25687;The Verve
62.210.45.69:10102;World of Cie
minetuga.verygames.net;MineTuga
mc.oknaserver.com;OKNAServer
162.244.165.101:25677;Lightcraft
SkyPvP.CH;SkyPvP.CH 
minecraft68.omgserv.com:10367;MelkerCraft
162.244.164.1:25586;AkPrison
play.vulcanmc.net;Vulcanmc
play.azuredragon.net;Azure Dragon
Lnrdslot.mcpro.co:25595;Lnrds Lot
play.dancraft.net;zom2004
Mc.BavariaZ.com;BavariaZ
mc-InvasionCraft.net;Invasion Craft
thecrafterslegion.net;Supremacy Mc Towny|Mcmmo|Jobs|Mobarena
destructioncrafters.mcpro.co;DestructionCrafters
palmcraftia.mcserver.ws;Palmcraftia
vapormc.com;vapor server
ZockerCraft.net;ZockerCraft
Ioncraft.mc-srv.com:26010;Ioncraft
stockademc.com;The Stockade Network
mc.touchlesspvp.net;TouchlessPvP
192.99.199.188;Clockwork Survival
66.85.182.90;WayWard Craft
S25.hosthorde.com:25701;LavaNetwork
mc.mineraidpvp.co.uk;Mineraidpvp-Factions-Lvls-Mcmmo-MA
66.85.183.26:35913;LemonRealms.mcpro.co
play.cakeface.co;CakeFace Factions
88.150.171.170;DK-Kraft
198.24.143.178:31860;QuickCraft - Creative
192.99.44.75:25631;VoltPrison
23.235.235.110;The_hunter__
75.127.13.4;NiceCraft
play.masterspvp.com;MastersPvP
play.raidcraftpvp.net;Raidcraftpvp
play.hauntedmc.nl;HauntedMC
us.lichcraft.com;lichcraft
play.serendipitymc.com;Serendipity Network
Play.Grid-MC.Net;Grid-MC Network 
aloria.digitalgadget.us;Aloria
play.siilentcraft.net;Siilentcraft OP Skyblocks
neomcraft.mcpro.co:43387;NeoMCraft
original-gamers.net;mikemy
Biocraft.co;biocraft
Biocraft.co;biocraft
creative.darkland.us;Darkland - Creative
37.187.137.213:25583;MineNexos
162.223.9.18;Barbaric Prison // Quest System
DaTGaming.nn.pe:25587;DaT Gaming
RigidMC.com;RigidMC
50.7.229.77;PrisonOfSlaves
mc-mix.com;MC-NARAK
funnytomcrew.serverminer.com;FunnyTomCrew
mc.touchlesspvp.net;mc.touchlesspvp.net 
mc.touchlesspvp.net;mc.touchlesspvp.net NEW
mc.touchlesspvp.net;mc.touchlesspvp.net
play.Mythcraftpvp.com;MythCraft
75.127.11.133;Halogen PvE
sv.mc-derox.pl;Mc-DeroX
tu-mc.spacetechnology.net;Technology Universe - Minecraft
162.244.165.10;TechPrison
kit.armedpvp.com;ArmedPvP
Corrubian.beastmc.com;CorrubianCraft
play.mcgameplanet.de;GamePlanet Network
H23games.beastmc.com;H23-Games
play.thefrostednetwork.com;frostednetwork
69.175.46.226;Upgraded PVP
mc.touchlesspvp.net;mc.touchlesspvp.net
198.24.166.61;resortcraft
142.4.219.165:25720;miencraft server need staff
AvixPrison.net:25728;AvixPrison
mc.icraftmine.com;icraftmine
maddixcraft.us.to;MaddixCraft
zoduscraft.serverbuilds.com:26074;ZodusCraft
142.4.219.165:25720;good server need staff
142.4.219.165:25720;good server need staff
PhoebeFluff.nn.pe;FluffCraft
184.95.42.202:34196;Sphax Craft
78.46.43.133:25583;MadGaming
23.235.235.110;MineNetwork
GolemMC.mcph.co;GolemMC
Mc.MLGCraft.Net;MLGCraft
play.britcraft.eu;BritCraft
siennamc.mcph.co:25580;SiennaMC
TenebrousPvP.net;TenebrousPvP
TeneBrouspvp.net;TeneBrous
eu.mineplex.com;PoppyYT
pro-pvp.com;CoalitionPvP
198.52.168.134:33545;RevolutionCraft
vtownhood.mymc.io;Assassins Survival Craft
stormcraft.beastmc.com;StormCraft PvP
jnkmt2.dyndns.pro:2727;Moddedcraftmc
undeadprisonmc.com;UndeadPrison
85.114.128.52:25676;Zypher Prison
108.170.21.42:29470;Minebox
162.244.164.3;RomanNetwork
mc.mineboltpvp.net;MineBoltPvP
PorkyMc.nn.pe:25571;PorkyMC
gs36.enderchest.pl:25580;ThorCraft
GS36.swifthosting.dk:25614;GhostGamers
92.222.113.222;Infinity Factions
electricdiamonds.beastmc.com;ElectricCraft Minigames
zenithplays.beastmc.com;Zenith Factions Need staff
mc.oaug-gotpvp.com:25577;OAUG Factions PVP
23.235.235.110;MineNetwork
162.223.9.108;DestoCraft
mc.boxscapes.info;BoxScape
hyperserverus.com;Hypers Minecraft Server Towny
NetworkCraft.us.to;NetworkCraft
GalaticPvP.mcpickle.com;GalaticPvP
play.oceanicmines.com:26265;Oceanic Name
mc12.fadehost.com:25988;bobPvP
mc.lumindor.com;Lumindor Minecraft New Zealand
5.62.116.84;GameHunter
su.msh-craft.com.au;su.msh-craft.com.au
game.culture-craft.net;Culture Craft
fatalop.mcph.co:2595;FatalOP
emerald.dmch.nl:25595;Emerald Fantasy
mustachecraft.mcnode.net;MustacheCraft
198.20.77.234:32527;DonkeyWorldGreatAdminsStealing factions
mc.fallenhub.net;Fallenhub
s9.hosthorde.com:25622;Waffles Revolution
vexzileprison.com;VexzilePrison
enpvp.tk;ElementalNetwork
enpvp.tk;ElementalNetwork
198.52.168.133:33338;Diamond Craft
162.223.9.22;Sky Falls
danxia.cf:25604;Danxia PvP
play.crafterplex.com;CrafterPlex
cfactions.mcalias.com;C-Factions
185.38.148.75;-_-_-_-JoinNow-_-_-_-
GalaticPvP.mcpickle.com;GalaticPvPg
198.20.77.234:32527;Factions Raiding PVP Fun
sdx.ig.ht;SDX
sandstar.mcpro.co:35507;SandStar MOBA
s1.jatekhost.hu:11113;EvilSnowman
overdrivepvp.com;OverdrivePVP
TheLandOfTheUnknown.nn.pe:25601;TheLandOfTheUnknown
31.220.14.64;Stupid Skyblock
mafianetwork.mcph.co;MafiaNetwork
23.235.232.181:26177;MineTopya
162.244.167.31:25707;MineSurvive
162.157.107.214;Floss Crew Survival
grottomc.com;The Grotto
MCCF.US.TO;GTA V Grand Theft Auto 5 Sever
drift.beastmc.com;Drift MineCraft
play.goldenrealms.net:28770;Golden Realms
198.12.126.174;DivinityX
s25.hosthorde.com:25973;Legendskape OP Prison
mc.logocraft.es;LogoCraft
mc.cubegame.pl;CubeGame
domenscraft.mcph.co;Domenscraft
play.mc-core.com;MC-Core Network
185.38.148.77:25609;fireruler424
185.38.148.78:25583;PezzahPkz
mshore.verygames.net;Mine Shore
play.LegacyVille.net;LegacyVille
Mc-PvP.org;Mc PvP
play.blockocraft.net;BlockOCraft Network
play.epicminetime.com;EpicMineTime
jackson.gotdns.org;Jackson
69.195.149.101:25820;Velocity-Gaming Factions
46.4.60.2:25621;ChiefPrison
lvmc1.netherbyte.com:29150;TwistedBranches
minecraft-simon.playsrv.nl:26285;SimaCraft
192.99.242.117;Deadlegion HUBS
minecraft.tungoil.net;Lyruna
NebulaPrisonMc.com;Nebula Prison
167.114.209.80:25778;VoxicCraft
mc.raidheaven.com;RaidHeaven
play.vexmc.net;The Vex Network
194.103.18.8;WolfCraft
mc.xtcr.net;xTcR Towny
37.187.72.23:25585;SlimeMC
185.38.148.167:25574;MischiefCraft
LoveHunters.living-bots.net;LoveHunters
LiquidUniverse.mcpro.co;LiquidUniverse
legacy.rocks;Legacy
185.38.148.184:25595;Xeph-Network
infinitymc.tk;InfiniteMC
mc.craft.lv;craft
play.alphagamesMC.com;Baskabear88
192.99.35.191:25573;Dystopia Craft
mc.pa-craft.com:27970;Platinum Alliance
forgottenmc.mcph.co:32219;Forgotten MC
Play.BrainCraft26.Com;BrainCraft
play.gtacraft.com;GTACraft
witherscraft.nn.pe:25585;WithersCraft
162.244.165.165;JustForThePvP
mc.chromatic-craft.com;mchussle
crownmc.mojang.com.br;CrownMC
192.99.18.75:25627;Island Craft
play.goldenrealms.net;Golden Realms
kingspvp.net;KingsPVP
72.46.158.98;Z-Craft Network
198.20.69.221;LordCraftNetWork
169.249.170.16:25589;TeamRevNetwork
ChasmaMC.beastmc.com;ChasmaMC
rggc.de;RGGC Minecraft
rev.bitches.nn.pe:25593;Revolution Bitches PvP
1.8.powerful-mc.net;1 8 PowerFul MineCraft Server l Latest l
pinecraft.pw;Pinecraft
85.114.130.139:27866;royalminecraft
81.30.152.46;jolumili-PixelMon
198.154.120.36;WallCraft
134.255.232.39;FantasyCraft
206.217.132.250;InsanePvp
206.217.132.250;InsanePvp
mc.thedc-network.com;TheDC-Network
maxedoutmc.com;MaxedOut Network
mcbrawl.com;Minecraft Party
176.9.22.4:25607;KlausenCraft
PokePack.mcserver.ws;Legends of PokePack
185.38.148.79:25579;Free for All
mc.pa-craft.com:27970;Platinum Alliance
play.galenamc.net;GalenaMC
23.95.101.37;ApathyGaming
PvP.MechaMc.Net;Mecha Mc
copycraft.mcph.co;CopyCraft
copycraft.mcph.co;CopyCraft
192.99.44.123:26103;iCraft
play.mastercraft.ms;MasterCraft
198.23.203.113;EpicCraft
DragonBones.beastmc.com;DragonBones
blackbones.no-ip.org;Blackbones
mc.dragonzprison.com;Dragonz Prison
192.95.49.185;Pixel Palace
192.95.49.185;Pixel Palace
QuartzNetwork.Tk;QuartzFactions
mineslam.me;minecraftlive
198.50.128.181;EnderCave Network
mc.herosnetwork.net;HerosNetwork
173.208.251.106;TimelessPVP
s47.hosthorde.com:25636;Brutal Simplicity
MC.TerraCactus.RO;CactusCraft Network
hulu.hosthorde.net;HuluCraft
185.38.148.44:25608;KingdomCraft
Sonic.gvsc.com:25610;SonicPsychics
5.104.109.198:25963;Playwithseppe
mc.pa-craft.com:27970;Platinum Alliance
162.223.9.218;Freedom Server
mc.enigmacraft.net;EnigmaCraft
KingzCraft.minecraft.to;KingzCraft
192.210.228.139;Mega Knight
play.heliosnetwork.us;HeliosNetwork
mc.deemablecraft.com;DeemableCraft
thepower.mcph.co;ThePower
88.150.171.139;LucosSurvival
karmaland.es;Karmaland
mam.octagami.com;Monuments & Mayhem
minemee.com;Minemee
192.3.46.173;Pixelmon
193.84.64.28;Mc.JoiNET.Ro
CookieFactions.BeastMc.Com;Cookie Factions
endermcpvp.mcph.co:62759;EnderMcPvP
massacrehub.c.mcserver.ws;massacrehub
pvp.divinemc.net;DivinePvP Factions Raiding
pvp.minecraftserver.com;MinecraftServerPVP
76.164.227.26:25755;Tournement UHC
s20.hosthorde.com:25641;HydraCraft
42.51.27.2;NO name
skiecraft.mcph.co;SkieCraft
107.10.91.61;Arts Pure Vanilla survival PVP
mc.resultgaming.com;ResultGaming
slivencraft.serv.nu;SlivenCraft Bulgaria
mc.arkhamnetwork.org;ArkhamNetwork
109.200.205.135:25695;ETW Kit PvP server
tankcraft.gamename.net:25813;TankCraft
5.255.85.211:25948;ZwatixCraft
sdx.ig.ht;SDX
23.252.117.34:26419;BloodCraft
Modcraft.mcserver.ws;Modcraft
LynxNation.org;LynxNation
Gangstercraft.de;GangsterCraft
mc.happydiggers.net;HappyDiggers MC
37.187.144.68:26080;UltimationCraft
mc23.serverminer.com:25930;General And Friends Minecraft
185.38.148.165:25584;Wasteland Survival
184.154.99.39;Czcrafter
93.119.30.16;SkilledCrafting
inkycraft.net;MCPrison-Break
Darkcastle.mcpro.co;DarkCastle
Darkcastle.mcpro.co;DarkCraft
5.135.200.35;DGH Kingdom Server
mc.valorprison.com;Valor Prison
198.12.95.123;TrojanCraft
nukecraft.no-ip.org;NukeCraft Hub
198.24.143.178:31860;QuickCraft Creative
198.24.181.2:25658;Magic of Friendship (MGFR)
mc.GameTurkMC.com;GameTurkMC
xlprison.net;XlPrison
mc.silocraft.com;Silocraft OP Server/Factions/Survival
23.95.30.145;DoverCraft
23.95.30.145;Zap Craft Need Staff Badly
play.galaxacraft.com;Galaxacraft
38.67.129.197;Monarchy
198.24.167.210:25703;SkullCraft
mc.arviksa.co.uk;Arviksa
78.129.171.242;Tea-Bag-Servers
176.9.22.4:25597;DenDanskePvP
109.169.58.130;SparkPrison
theblock.spartanhost.net;The Block
server.blaizecraft.com; The Blaizecraft Network | Hub Server
198.24.177.70;WyldPvP
mafianetwork.mcph.co;Mafia Network
c.goldenrealms.net;Golden Realms
theislandproductions.mcph.co:34450;TheIslandProductions
stockademc.com;StockadeMC
162.244.164.7;RogueMC
ursacraft.mcalias.com;Ursacraft The Best Minigame Server
mc.galaxinarealms.com;GalaxinaRealms
atomic-cloud.net;AtomicCloudNetwork
avius.hosthorde.net;Avius
zenithplays.beastmc.com;Zenith Factions Need staff
razorkraft.fadehost.com:26525;razorkraft
198.27.100.121;Digital Elite Gaming
zenithplays.beastmc.com;ZenithPvP Factions
us.mendocraft.com;Mendocraft Premium/ Non Premium Server
play.craftlikeyoumineit.eu;Minecraft Unlimited
mc.ghostwar.net;GhostWar NetWork
188.212.100.198;Mc.Space-Bug.ro
Hub.Energy-Network.tk;Energy Network (hub)
era-pvp.fluctis.com:25825;Ere-PvP
skittlez.mcpro.co;SkittlezCraft
192.198.89.70:26083;The Forge
sq10.net;sq10 Public Vanilla 1dot8
192.198.104.211;Jojos OP Prison
198.24.171.106:25865;Sanctuary PvP
pvp.quickraid.net;QuickRaid
209.148.93.27:25736;Pabscraft
23.94.244.92;Builders United
zenithplays.beastmc.com;Apply for staff
play.evopvp.net;EvoPVP
dlusionist.mine.nu:25590;DlusionCraft
play.let-craft.info:26145;Let-Craft
185.16.85.37:26365;EmeraldSkyBlock
5.255.85.211:25902;dutchhypercraft
192.99.20.208:27391;RockBlock
mc.zaminecraft.co.za;gMz Minecraft
mc.dragonsilks.dk;Dragonsilks
Roboprison.serverminer.com;RoboPrison
PlayCredentious.beastmc.com;Credentious
metallicraft.on.vg;MetalliCraft
mc.asylumruins.com;Ruins of the Asylum
119.81.66.148:26977;SOuLzCraft
mc.obsidianrealms.net;Obsidian Realms
213.251.184.196;Usa Vs Urss
minecubed.wtf;MineCubed
198.24.166.242:33450;TheIslandProductions
theislandproductions.mcph.co;TheIslandProductions
188.212.101.77;RoyalCraft
mc.warsoul.net;Warsoul Community
85.131.182.180;Hammer server
85.131.182.180;Hammer server
legendslegion.mcnode.net;Legends Legion
s55.hosthorde.com:25614;KindKraft 2.0
s55.hosthorde.com:25614;KindKraft 2.0
s55.hosthorde.com:25614;KindKraft 2.0
65.60.0.146;Jinxed Server
23.95.101.85;ExtremeGamingPvP
85.131.182.180;Hamer server
server19.konsider.com;Konsider Survival Server
85.131.182.180;deutscher server
mc.minecloud.uk:26037;MineCloud Network
78.46.106.132:25585;AGNTgaming
verseplay.de;VersePlay
ravengreen.publicvm.com;Ravengreen
23.235.232.181:45688;Stonenetworks
85.131.182.180;german server
5.10.110.100;Fusion United
mc.gmbox.es;GmBox
198.24.168.253;The Survivalist 24/7 (1 7.9)
server18.konsider.com;Konsider Survival Server
MposOnline.us.to:1174;MposOnline - Creked
minecrafty.game-host.org;Minecrafty
198.143.140.144;Algorothia
infinitymagma.net;InfinityMagma
mc.shimmeringskies.mcfrag.net;Shimmering Skies
server17.konsider.com;Konsiders Friendly Survival Server
play.minesmelt.com;MineSmelt
Survival.PowerFul-MC.Net;Survival Server l Mobs and Animal farm
Creative.PowerFul-MC.Net;Creative Server l Plots l 500 x 500 l
RankWorld.PowerFul-MC.Net;RankWorld l High Ranks l Crazy People
Prison.PowerFul-MC.Net;Prison Server l Plots l Mines l Events
basscraft.nn.pe:25566;Bass Craft - Op Factions - PVP
OP-Prison.PowerFul-MC.Net;OP-Prison Server l Plots l Nether
Factions.PowerFul-MC.Net;Factions Server l Farms l Survival
WorldEdit.PowerFul-MC.Net;WorldEdit Server l Vote For WorldEdit
Vanilla.PowerFul-MC.Net;Vanilla MineCraft l Just a Vanilla
Main-Server.PowerFul-MC.Net;Main-Server l PowerFul-MC l HuB
ClassicSkyBlock.PowerFul-MC.Net;Classic SkyBlock l Original Islands
jaxbo.mcdl.us;Jaxbo
Sakimakionline.mcpro.co:25570;SakiMaki Online
kineticcraft.fluctis.com;Kinetic Craft
baconcraftmc.mcpro.co;BaconCraftMC
192.99.5.72:26878;MizeryCraft
38.102.226.57:25571;HoneyBadger Free-Build
minesnap.mc-srv.com;minesnap
MyPvP.ME;MyPvP.ME
blooncave.beastmc.com;BloonCave
MinersGalaxy.co.uk;Miners Galaxy
Medievalpvp.net;Medieval PvP
echocraft.net;EchoCraft
Medievalpvp.net;Medieval PvP
Play.FuncraftMC.com;FuncraftMC Network
doctorcraft.mcph.co;DoctorCraft
mc.mineperium.com;Mineperium
mc.fluxypvp.net;FluxyPVP
mc.mineboltPVP.net;Minebolt Factions
mc.warcraft.la;Warcraft
mineslam.me;BoxmanCaleb
209.188.23.66:26009;HeroDimensions
50.31.103.178:26638;Mc Cake Network
173.208.251.106:25652;GoontCraft
23.95.30.151;PvP server
minegamesofficial.net;Mine Games
ZeroPvP.com;mcunviverse
5.255.70.71:25853;Riverwood
198.52.168.131;BloodyBarbarians
mod.omnikraft.net;OmniKraft Modded
server16.konsider.com;Konsiders Friendly Server
37.59.56.117:25604;Kubik-Rubik
s1.jatekhost.hu:11113;EvilSnowmen
GamaNetworkMC.com;hi
play.zachcraftnetwork.org;zachcraft hub
mc.fallenhub.net;FallenHub
mc.fallenhub.net;FallenHub
mc.fallenhub.net;FallenHub
xoniaprison.com;Xonia Prison
vividmc.sytes.net;vividmc
198.23.247.131;FrostCraft
198.24.175.42:35682;Dogecraft
mc.exgm.org;exgm
mc.vidalpvp.tk;VidalPvP
mc.fluffymccraft.com;mc.fluffymccraft.com
immortalraids.mcph.co;Immortal Raids
174.96.13.9;Breezing Winds Warrior Cats
Play.FuncraftMC.com;FuncraftMC Network
Play.FuncraftMC.com;Fuck this
Play.FuncraftMC.com;sdf
Deathcraft.mcserver.ws;Deathcraft
94.249.254.79;Poke-Friends
198.23.247.94;LimeCube
192.99.195.154;FrozenFactionsPVP
162.244.165.151:62851;Crafting Kingdom
ForcedPlay.com;ForcedPlay
192.99.200.165:25674;Ice Dragon Craft
FuryFactions.mcpro.co;Fury Factions
play.bennybandz.com;BennyBandz Minecraft Server
mc-mocreaturescommunity.org;MoCreatures Community
pvpwarfare.mcserver.ws;PvP Warfare
pvpwarfare.mcserver.ws;PvP Warfare
119.81.145.69;pufferfish
198.24.165.2:26517;PandaCraft
kreuzung.ddns.net;Kreuzung
kreuzung.ddns.net;Kreuzung
mcs1.hcsite.com:33462;HcsCraft
CarbonPrison.com;CarbonPrison
play.blockocraft.net;BlockOCraft Network
play.blockocraft.net;BlockOCraft Network
speedcloud.dmch.nl:25663;SpeedCloud
184.95.34.98:60132;VintagePVP
rpgvideo.mooo.com;rpgvideo.mooo.com
185.38.148.54:25584;JT Server
192.3.46.98;FlameCraft
discoleafmc.eu;Disco Leaf MC
162.244.167.116;VicariousMC
play.hypermc.org;HyperMC
play.hypermc.org;HyperMC
traumkraft.hopto.org;TraumKraft
216.245.196.173;CookieCrafts
server15.konsider.com;Konsiders Awesome Server
27.50.70.10:25965;PokeLeaf Vanilla
mc.toothwit.ch;Fredo121s MC
192.99.211.231;PrickledPvP
twistedprison.nn.pe:25591;TwistedPrison
198.12.88.15;RpgMagic.mcserver.ws
QuartzilaPrison.mcpro.co;QuartzilaPrison
mc.glowcraftsurvival.net;GlowCraftSurvival
piratescraft.com;PiratesCraft
64.74.111.199:25567;pathosdeflate (pixelmon)
Bridgecraft.beastmc.com;BridgeCraft
VisionCraftPvP.com;Vision Craft PvP
zenithempire.org;Zenith Empire
162.244.165.51:25709;Pixel-Craft
home.beaverdam.net;InstinctPVP
198.24.168.195;Experimental RPG Server
play.immortalraids.com;Immortal Raids
Immortal.pvp.nn.pe:25601;ImmortalPVP
185.38.148.45:25596;OpFuryPvp
play.kryptonicmc.net;KryptonicMC
162.213.41.36:25769;BioFlame
Cake-Legion.hosthorde.net:25942;Cake-Legion
TropicalMines.com;Tropical Mines
www.wicraft.com;Wicraft
162.248.244.34:25655;stonex
dyukusi.mydns.jp;International Survival Dyukusi Server
162.223.9.254;RazerNetworkMC
play.Banzai-mc.com;BanzaiMC OP Factions
Dreams.gamename.net;TropicalDreams
BlocksMC.COM;BlocksMc
23.95.34.158;Yeah The Boiz
198.23.203.78;Pixelmon 3.4
mc.hdunno.com:25576;hDunno
Play.Tempors.Com;TemporsCraft
scrambblecraft.mc-srv.com:25604;ScrambleCraft
188.40.108.16:25584;PixelCraft - English & Danish 
pixelmon.miccraft.com;24/7 Miccraft Pixelmon Survival Server 
198.24.182.6;DauntlessCraft Mo Creatures
PvP2Death.tk;PvP 2 Death
grafton.mcph.co;GraftonMC
play.safariagaming.net;Safaria Gaming
192.99.149.174:26768;Server needs Staff
TropicalMines.com;Tropical Mines
takeovermc.us:25612;Takeovermc
scrambblecraft.mc-srv.com:25604;Scrambble Craft
s1.jatekhost.hu:11113;EvilSnowmen
kitpvp.minecraft.to;Suncraft
play.arrowmc.us;The Arrow
mc.krypticfactions.net;KrypticFactions
148.251.81.84:25692;ParadiseFalls
play.immortalraids.com;Immortal Raids
slendereye.beastmc.com:25569;SlenderEye
speedcloud.dmch.nl:25663;SpeedCloud
pumpkinquest.net;PumpkinQuest
162.244.165.101:25761;kilocraft
Minersnetwork.net;Minersnetwork
192.3.106.88;Phoenix Craft
s6.hosthorde.com:25662;Hosthorde
play.brickprison.com;BrickPrisonV2
newblock.co.uk;Newblock
glservers.net;Great Light Network
162.210.192.115;Darkrpmc
69.175.36.77;Zeneo Craft
162.244.166.131:58733;HyperScape
dream-mc.net;Dream-mc Network
play.villagercity.be;VillagerCity
176.31.196.144;Cubed Towny PVP 
blooncave.beastmc.com;Bloon Cave
185.28.188.139:49606;plugmein
play.retropvp.net;RetroPvPNetwork
mc.nub.nu;Nub MC Server
162.244.164.41:25858;The bones pvp
5.10.110.103;RealmOMianite
99.198.98.69;Epic--Craft
play.powerstationmc.com;Power Station MC
198.24.128.234:26118;MineFury
play.stoneplex.us.to;Stoneplex Network
play.immortalraids.com;Immortal Raids
rpgland.nl;RPGLAND
192.99.44.125:25783;Legends Of Alpha
Blacxcraft.beastmc.com;BlacxCraft
play.HyperRaidPvP.me;HyperRaidPvP
mc.forsakensanctuary.com;CelestialSkiesMC
178.20.170.117:25600;TribalPvP
play.koonkraft.net;dalaylama4
sinisterisland.net;SinisterIsland - OP Factions (Cracked)
198.50.252.10;Dave Craft
AirCloudMC.beastmc.com;AirCloud
play.muicraft.net;Muicraft
WyneCraft.nn.pe:25570;WyneCraft Survival
play.OPNetwork.net;OverPowered Network
23.94.150.7;Minecraft Warzone 
mc1.gamergeeks.nz;MineCraft Vanilla - Gamers Geek
nitrokraft.mcpro.co;NitroKraft
play.tidemc.com;The Tide
lk.mcserver.ws;Lich King Minecraft Server
blooncave.beastmc.com;BloonCave
198.20.68.72;MinerMedia
420BlazeDankKush.nn.pe:25575;MLG Doritos Server Sweg
420BlazeDankKush.nn.pe:25575;Doritos Server
69.175.9.120;Anarchy PvP
play.chasmcraft.com;ChasmCraft
ecstacynetwork.mcph.co;Ecstacy Network
theironisland.us.to;The Iron Island
theironisland.us.to;The Iron Island
mc.mysticmines.net;Mystic Mines
play.x8realms.com;X8 Realms
play.tundlor.net;Tundlor
rpg.civcraft.de:25564;Civcraft.de
drexelcraft.net;Drexel Craft
mc.gtaplanet.net;GTAPlanet
37.59.246.197;Flamebound
minecraft4.com;Build Craft
noitcraft.de;noitcraft
198.23.247.16;Finatic Factions
play-anthraxpvp.net;Anthrax Pvp
v3ld1n.ddns.net;V3LD1N
deathcomzfactions.mcserver.ws;DeathComZFactions
pyxismc.com;PyxisMC
mcpvps.thedailyman.org;TDM PVP Survival
play.adventurepvp.info;AdventurePVP
play.meloncraft.com;MelonCraft
deathcraft.mcserver.ws;DeathCraftMc
37.187.134.36:26130;HubiCraftFR
185.28.188.139:49354;The Unnamed Server
terramining.servegame.com:53565;Terramining
hypercubemc.net;HyperCube
162.244.166.21:25816;Concordia
server.mojocraft.net;Mojocraft
Randomcraftpvp.mcpro.co;RandomNetwork
Mellumcraft.mcpro.eu;Mellumcraft
192.95.43.172;ConeCraft
Silvacraft.primedtnt.com;SilvaCraft
mc.goldenhoe.com:25585;Golden Hoe
EternityPvP.net:26341;EternityPvP 3.0
iamjack.net;GummyCraft
mc.CycloneNetwork.org;CycloneNetwork
192.99.149.174:25854;OblivionMC
Aerocraft.beastmc.com;Aerocraft
192.198.91.83;Nightmare Pixelmon
iamjack.net;GummyCraft
217.198.131.150;LionzCraft
minecraftgames.com.br;MineCraft Games
184.95.42.170:43355;ZapCraft
frequencyfactions.mcph.co;FrequencyRaids
animemc.mymc.io:25802;AnimeMC
rp.darakos.net;Lands of Darakos
192.95.15.228:25614;UrbsidaCraft
play.destinedpvp.com;DestinedPvP
OrchidSMP.us.to;Orchid SMP
mc.DissidentPowers.com;ClanCMNC
play.andromc.t15.org;AndroMC
184.171.170.124;Utopia Craft
play.symbolicraft.com;SymboliCraft
MC12.fadehost.com:25872;SinisterMC
193.111.140.168:25959;FactionCraft
5.62.110.208;German Los Angeles Minecraft Server
EpicPvP.org;EpicPVP
212.224.125.237;Wundercraft
play.virtualmc.co.uk;VirtualPrison - OP Prison - PvP
prison.mcanarchy.net;MCAnarchy
95.170.95.114;i-survive server
216.172.107.248;we dont need staff
swagmc.gamename.net:25998;SwagMC
FearedPVP.nn.pe:25571;Feared-Pvp
176.31.156.86:25844;skyLightCraft
minecraft.stygia.nl;Stygia minecraft server
jupitermc.beastmc.com;Hardcore Survival
Zpix.se;Zpix MC Network
freedomcraft.co;Freedomcraft
ha-hg.fluctis.com:25933;Ha-Hg Skyblock
play.Lordpvp.us;Lord Pvp
mc.frostmane.net:29524;Frostmane
tenaxy.ru:25568;Gelios
thepond.mcpro.co;The Pond
DragonHub.mcsrv.eu:26137;DragonHub
109.230.255.244;germancraft
77.111.204.91;Endertown
play.magnificummc.com;MagnificumMC
74.91.115.9;World War III
retrowarriors.ddns.net;retrowarriors
mc.baragcraft.com;BaragCraft
server13.konsider.com;The Konsider Server 24/7
mineville.serveminecraft.net;Mineville - Enjoy the Fun
mc.pokecraftia.com;Pokecraftia
tntfactions.mcserver.ws;TNT-Factions
185.38.148.45:25599;Ender Networks
AbsurdPvP.tcadmin.com.br;AbsurdPvP
176.9.22.4:25591;SwaggerCraft
213.163.65.91;Virtually Survival Craft
mc.nyanverse.net;Nyanverse
198.20.124.148;The Hooster
Bannanaverse.mcph.co;Bannanaverse
KarmaPvP.mcph.co;KarmaPvP
SMPCraft.apexminecraft.com;PurgeCraft
s33.hosthorde.com:25859;VeeDubPunk
104.200.130.95;HardCore Factions Reborn
198.49.77.131;Intense Prison
murvecraft.servegame.com;MurveCraft
mc.skkf.net;SKKF
mc.campcobble.co.uk;CampCobble
mc.enderslair.net;Ender Sandmans Lair
Mc-InvasionCraft.Net;InvasionCraft
mc.gamebitz.org;Gamebitz
creepercraft14.mcph.co;creepercraft14
officialminescape.com;The Official Minescape Server
valhalla.sx;Valhalla
192.99.18.164:25715;Sky Craft
184.164.140.202:59961;Uranium network 
play.zaoby.co.uk;Zaoby Network - Factions
technomc.Mcph.Co;Technomc
hub.thelegendcraft.net;Legend Craft
fluxmc.us;FluxMC
192.99.5.223;EastCraft Survival
play.eastcraft.info:25569;EastCraft
nygaardmasterpvp.swifthosting.dk:8888;Crazypvp
192.99.44.134:26673;Epic Roleplay
37.59.130.170;FortuneCraft
play.zaoby.co.uk;Zaoby Network
198.27.103.38;Mph-Craft
mc.bravemc.com;BraveMC
auteams.co;Auteams
66.85.165.170:26305;PlatinumVerse Prison
server11.konsider.com;Friendly Minecraft Community
46.4.101.163:25591;PirateCraftDK
megakraft.zapto.org;MegaCraft
Play.ChronoPVP.Com:59810;ChronoPVP
mc.skylair.net;Sky Lair
mc.proscraft.tk;Proscraft Server 
198.24.128.234:26130;MC101 Network
jogar.minecraftgames.com.br;LendaPvP
mc-constellation.net;The Constellation Network
theheliosnetwork.com;The Helios Network
162.223.8.195;BlastCraftNetwork
play.jombmc.com;Just One More Block
mc.herosnetwork.net;HerosNetwork
119.81.65.242:25720;Super Op
play.tsunaminetwork.net;TsunamiNetwork
MineRush.us;MineRush
KhoshnawCraft.Us.To;KhoshnawCraft
87.98.195.81:25965;SmoZPvP
play.minebrawl.net;minebrawl
Scorchpvp.mcpro.co;ScorchPvP
185.38.148.99:25571;FireCraft
server20.konsider.com;Friendly nice server
gumbaja.serverbuilds.com;Gumbaja
raiding.club;QuickRaid
raiding.club;QuickRaid
aidsmc.minecraft.to;aidsmc
fungame.minecraft.to;Free Admin
198.24.168.226:31297;LocalCraft
192.99.18.75:25640;ForMyCraft Server
mine4life.mcpro.eu;Mine4Life
77.111.250.227;PixelCommunity | PixelMon 3.2.8
98.213.252.13;DieHardMinecraft
192.227.227.234;VenomousPVP Faction Server
AlliumPvP.mcph.co;AlliumPvP
DimansionPrison.servermc.nl;DimansionPrisonV
ComboPvP.de;ComboPvp
fancraft.minecraftr.us;Fancraft
218.214.3.87;| Luminary Uprising | Towny | Economy |
mc.tlof.net;The Land of Freedom HUB
192.95.46.29;MC Pro Server
162.245.0.19;k00l craft
162.244.166.39;NovaCraft Server
uocwebsite.nod.bz;Friendly Minecraft Server
prosdontrage.mcph.co;ProsDontRage
gs7.qlixhost.eu:29027;Dk-Rex
mxprison.beastmc.com;mxprison
animusfactions.t28.net;AnimusKitPvP
minecraft.tungoil.net;Lyruna
PrismMC.nn.pe:25583;PrismMC
InvincibleGaming.beastmc.com;InvincibleGaming
timewind.us;Time Wind
mc.campcobble.co.uk;CampCobble
mc.pixel-planet.co;Pixel-Planet
198.50.141.80:25802;Fantasy Factions
cedarclancraft.no-ip.org;CedarClanCraft
Technomc.Mcph.Co;Technomc.mcph.co
mc.excelsion.net;Excelsion
OverlordPrison.com;Overlord Prison
fungame.minecraft.to;Fungame
ts-mc.net;The Storm
mc.zippgo.eu;Zippgocraft-factions-cracked
174.138.165.185;FieryGhost
50.7.229.218:26456;zCraft Network
portcullis.mine.nu;Portcullis
ziguscraft.mcph.co:52575;ziguscraft not open
Mc.SpyroDragon.com;Spyros lair
survivalcraft-mg.com;SurvivalCraft-MG
play.perfectpvp.net;PerfectPvP NetWork
188.165.167.2;McDarkness  Network
ca1.netherbyte.com:25945;LoadedMC
pvp-test.de;PvP-Test
davvemc.zapto.org:25566;DavveMC
mc-lc.us;Lenoxcraft
survival.reachbot.com;ReachBot Servers Survival
atv.rocks;ATV
65.60.15.66;OG Factions
65.60.15.66;OG Factions
ultrablocks.mcph.co:54705;UltraBlocks
cactusjuice.factions.ws;CactusJuice
democracy.mcserver.ws;Democracy
162.244.164.81:25866;Aznislands
ChaoticPrison.org;Camilo Y Jairo 
dendanskeguldpvp.swifthosting.dk;DenDanskeGuldPvp
103.253.73.85;Asgard
minecraft.aalgaard.org;EnergenzyCraft
46.20.1.98:1145;Mortal Craft
play.zaoby.co.uk;Zaoby Network
198.20.105.154;RACIST Domation Jail
Cyber.omgcraft.fr:12561;Cyber Craft
85.131.236.97;CreeperFarm
185.38.148.64:25599;Kingdom Crusade
stalkerdab.de;stalkerdab 123 Gameserver
strelacraft.tk;StrelaCraft
104.37.29.20;PIxel Elites
185.38.148.217:25599;Hop Craft
JailHouseBlox.com;Jail House Blox
oceanus.gamename.net:25700;Oceanus
stalkerdab.de;stalkerdab 123 Gameserver Reloaded
PaladinPvP.net;PaladinPvP
creeper.mcph.eu;Creeper Network
178.32.253.164;Lunar Isles
188.122.88.135:25682;ArcaneCraft
pokefrontier.nn.pe;Poke Frontier
server21.konsider.com;Friendly Survival Server
192.95.46.29;MC Pro Servers
chuckencraft.tk;ChuckenCraft
thecrewvp.mcpro.co;ThePotatoCrew
GameCraftMineCraft.com;GameCraft
23.252.116.10:25970;TMWB Prison
mc.cookiecraft.eu;CookieCraft
obdagon.mc-hoster.de;Obdagon
69.175.43.3;Atrium Network
jokermc.sytes.net;GameCastCM
184.154.185.243;Awesome craft
108.174.60.60:25665;JugCraft
104.37.29.223;Mind Craft
192.95.61.10;MCoptic
play.hdpower.eu;HDPower
185.57.189.44;Crimson Galaxy
destinyraids.nn.pe:25598;DestinyFactions
sqwishcraft.mcph.co;SqwishCraft 
minecraftbuildcraft.com;Buildcraft - Creative Freebuilding
primecraft.mcserver.ws;PrimeCraft
198.24.181.242:31963;Super Massive
77.111.197.149;KingCraft
play.randomrealms.com;Random Realms
hunor.serveminecraft.net;HDMcraft -new-
208.115.193.26;MysteryFFA
witherpvp.mcph.co:25623;WitherPvp
play.antznest.com;Antz Nest
play.flexmc.org;FlexMC
play.pvpcraft.shockbyte.com;PvPCraft
server22.konsider.com;Friendly Survival Server
slick2craft.mcph.co;Slick2Craft
s43.hosthorde.com:25896;Realm-Craft
192.3.46.183;Mcgrimscraft
142.4.218.167:25589;Jeffery
192.99.44.75:26617;ThatOneOtherServer
mc.tramsfor.com;tramsfor.com
skywars.nexgenmc.net;NexGenMC
SmallBlock.CodingTheWorld.com;Small Block
ttmc.game.nfoservers.com;Trusty Traitors Survival
nodigit.com;Nodigit
play.worldofteck.com;World of Teck
5.135.246.177;MonstroMon Pixelmon 3.4
crimson-mc.net;Crimson-MC
mc.pvp-endercraft.com;EnderCraft Factions
play.RainKraft.com;Rainkraft
mc.TwinsPvP.com;TwinsPvP
play.spinkr.com;Spinkr
185.38.148.99:25580;MC Game Centre
mc.toxis.net;ToxisNetwork
play.galacticmc.net;GalacticNetwork
cookiecrafter.mcph.co:25982;CookieCraft
162.245.0.116;Opcrafting
s6.hosthorde.com:25662;Freedom Craft
198.204.237.234:25585;Kylecraft
Opticmc.com;OpticMC
mc.ae-c.net;AlterEgo
185.62.206.85:25765;Jasto City - McJasto
216.172.108.67;Megaloldom
176.31.205.201;HecktikPvP
108.48.39.194:33896;RockyCraft
game.playgu.net;GamersUnited
slimecraft.pt;Slimecraft
66.220.111.111;FeverClan Crafting
my.crafting.land;Crafting Land
lukas.hopto.me:12345;Hardcore Achievement Speedrun
terradragon.net:8083;Terradragon
46.105.74.104;Sleepyy.Net - Official Minecraft Server
173.208.129.42;DestroyersPVP
pve.businesseliteplus.com;BusinessElite Plus
Prisonpoint.mcpro.co;GU
hail.game.nfoservers.com;Thexants Nations Server
DreamPrison.com;DreamPrison
GTAMC.net;Grand Theft Auto MC
mc.baardmc.eu;Baard-Factions-Cracked
play.serenemc.net:25880;SereneMC
play.eternal-legions.com;Eternal-Legions
play.upvp.net;uPvP Factions
Trinitymc.ca;TrinityMc
McBuild.me;McBuild.me
play.minebossmc.com;MineBoss Network
vitriumx.com;VitriumX
SkyGrid.PowerFul-MC.Net;SkyGrid l With PvP - Mines - Farms
162.218.116.147;Maple craft 
Agoria.ca;Agoria
85.131.226.67;URC Minecraft Server
skyteam.beastmc.com;SkyTeam Kids
192.3.138.72;PlaneGaming Bukkit
184.154.104.50:26997;Emeraldshard
Anarchy.Leadcraft.us;LeadCraft Anarchy
Og-prison.net;Og-Prison
CreativeFun.eu;Creative
162.244.164.61:25701;CookieDistrict
162.244.164.61:25701;CookieDirect
play.vortexpvp.com;dotapurex1
mc.antic-craft.net;Antic Craft
76.164.197.100;MinaCion
smithcraft.serverminer.com:25574;Mindcrack Like
haycraft.beastmc.com;haycraft
blockbrotherpvp.beastmc.com;BlockBrotherPvP Factions/Skyblock
94.23.12.93:25659;FunnyGames
blankcraftmc.beastmc.com;Blankcraft
37.187.156.38:2553;Iron Piggis
159.8.141.199:55342;ScotsCraft
198.20.102.105;SkyCraft 
Rubicmc.com;Rubic Minecraft
play.mctsunami.lt:25993;McTsunami
198.24.179.122:62785;TwerkNetwork
TheLuxCraft.com;TheLuxCraft
mc.fallenhub.net;Fallenhub Towns
play.morningsunserver.com;MorningSun Pixelmon Server
Chilledpvp.net;ChilledPvP
goobersmooch.com;Goobersmooch.com
play.equinoxnetwork.co;EquinoxNetwork
play.pioneerPVP.com;PioneerPVP
play.citadelcraft.com;Citadel Gaming
198.23.207.234;Pork and rice
jaguarcraft.fluctis.com:26505;Jaguarcraft
blhosting.no;Miner Worlds
Mecca.ga;MeccaPvP
hc.newagepvp.com;NewAgePvP - Hardcore PVP
Ender-Craft.eu;Ender-Craft
server23.konsider.com;Nice friendly survival server
107.6.188.74;Sheepcraft 
Tensionmc.net;TensionMc
162.218.116.147;Maple Crafts
mc.dgminecraft.com:25567;dgminecraft
therosemc.net;TheRoseMC
162.244.166.81;SurgingElement
209.247.83.88;Invision MC
play.ghprison.com;Green Haven Prison
play.ghprison.com;Green Haven Prison
198.154.97.206;World Of The Gods
rdu.mcserver.com.au;Realms Down Under
HuB.PowerFul-MC.Net;PowerFul-MC HuB
cubecraft.ench.pl;CubeCraft
31.214.166.21;Headcrafter
88.150.146.3;Quantom Prison
80.82.209.70:28417;FrozenNetwork - BETA - 24/7 - MiniGames
mc.asterismnetwork.com;PainfulPvP
play.rising-shadows.com;Rising Shadows
107.6.137.138:43975;Magic Donkey Factions
185.16.85.165:25665;SmexySexyO
85.190.148.75;MinecraftHomies3.0 Only German
192.99.200.165:25674;Icy Dragon Craft
unitedcraft-mc.net;United Craft Network
198.24.175.42:35913;Cops and Robbers
198.27.103.38;Mph-Craft
158.85.69.137:45690;Tcnetwork
crimson-mc.net;Needs staff badly 
185.38.148.31:25588;SpongeCraft
184.171.249.210;Guildtowns
162.244.164.28;SoulFire
MatrixPvP.Gamename.net:25744;MatrixPvP
142.54.189.90:25615;Transcendence
162.244.166.81:56050;Archcraft-Roleplaying-At-Its-Finest.
108.60.215.249;EnchantedCraft
saucynipples.nn.pe:25596;Saucy Nipples Factions Needs Staff
minecraft.z-bombilla.com;ZBombilla Server Patrocinado
play-pixelcraft.mcph.co;Pixelcraft
towny.world8-4.ca;World8-4 - Towny
mc.funaria.fr;Funaria
ThrottlePvP.mcpro.co;ThrottlePvP
join.heistprison.net;HeistMC
mc.TheEpicNetwork.net:26042;The Epic Network
s13.hosthorde.com:25636;ProFXCraft
23.235.236.14:25573;NorFac (NorskFactions)
public.xerologic.net;Xerologic Mc Server
198.24.165.2:25892;RyanTheTechMan
metalcraftbr.virtushost.com.br;Metalcraft
198.20.98.107;UltraUnity
TheLuxCraft.com;TheLuxCraft
minehex.ddns.net;fuckhex Network
EnderGames.us;EnderGames
31.214.237.237;FradelMine
TurismoPvP.com;ClassicCreative
198.154.117.43;VCraft
198.20.95.76;MC 1171
towny.link404.net;Towny | Link404
Resilient.mcph.co;Resilient
TheLuxCraft.com;TheLuxCraft
smpcraft.apexminecraft.com;PurgeCraft
TheLuxCraft.com;TheLuxCraft
mc.argroupllc.org;AR Group Server
TheLuxCraft.com;TheLuxCraft
199.96.85.7:25591;Nomcraft
192.111.147.170;The Vanilla Outpost
162.223.9.230;MystRealms
GetRektMc.us.to;GetRektMc
162.244.166.121:29316;Dark Eclipse
5.255.85.206:29141;FactionCraftNL
pvp.crypticmc.org;CrypticMC
85.190.172.9;Pixel-Planet
85.190.169.199;PvPJunkies
hub.newagepvp.com;NewAgePvP - Hardcore PVP
hardcore.newagepvp.com;NewAgePvP - Hardcore PVP
s13.hosthorde.com:25636;ProFXCraft
zyli.on.vg;Zylion Skyblock
5.255.85.212:26062;PoweredCraft
mc1.arcator.co.uk;Arcator
85.114.141.42:25832;Aeon
s49.hosthorde.com:25619;Construct Craft
188.40.66.70;RainbowHeaven
PrisonX.co;PrisonX
technic-craft.de;TechnicCraft
193.111.141.52;ExileNetwork.de | Direwolf20
strydecraft.mcnode.net;StrydeCraft
198.50.223.218;CreeperShaftRealms
162.223.9.236;Midnight Factions
gravityvoid.us;Gravity Void network
h2ocraft.mcpro.eu;H20Craft
CatsCraft.net;CatsCraft
23.95.30.139;Invictus PvP
198.23.199.198;ChaosRealmsZ
198.154.102.129;ChickenWolfGaming Minecraft
play.ironpvp.us.to:25568;IronPVP Factions
play.shirecraft.us;The Shire
s16.hosthorde.com:25937;Virus-Kingdom
thepower.mcph.co;ThePower
178.77.71.227;MineBattle
play.oblivionmc.info;OblivionsMC
Europa.nn.pe:25601;Europa
MineTora.beastmc.com;MineTora
mc.justdutch.ga:25929;JustDutch
75.127.11.119;OPFreedomCraft
serverplace.mcph.co;Server Place
mc.emsley.ca;Emsley Minecraft
142.4.192.197;MC Prison
play.nationsmc.net;Nationsmc Network
eternityrealms.net;Eternity Realms
server.miningbros.net;MiningBros
193.111.140.165:25938;JesseGames
206.217.141.229;Fernancraft
hazcraft.fr;HazCraft Network
instacraft.beastmc.com;InstaCraft | PvP-Factions-Mcmmo
bloodbird.tk:26224;BloodBird
Mon-starcraft.com;Mon-starcraft Networks
play.miragemc.com;MirageMC
interactiveminecraft.dmch.nl;interactiveMC Survival
104.37.29.2;Tsunami Network
raptorpvp.beastmc.com;RaptorPvP  Factions Creative Guns
artycraft.noip.me;ArtyCraft
artycraft.noip.me;ArtyCraft
198.50.169.133;HeroPvP
192.3.95.44;DraenorCraft
5.62.115.247;VoidCraft
minecraftsverige.zapto.org:53565;TerraminingMC - Amazing Towny Server
magniamine.fr.nf;MagniaMine
Krypticcraft.co.uk;Krypticcraft Factions PvP Server
pvpproject.com;PvPProject - KitPvP - Hg - Factions
184.171.170.78;CubeCrafting
80.82.209.146:26067;SolarChampions
109.230.255.84;Creepercraft
grizzlycraft.uk.to;Grizzly Craft
198.24.165.234:30577;CoolCraft
mc.ironblock.net;Iron Block
mcmisfits.net;Mcmisfits
play.squadcraft.net;play.squadcraft.net
198.154.110.149;Minewave
play.silvacraft.com;silvacraft
play.silvacraft.com;silvacraft
kingdomdimensions.ddns.net;Kingdom Dimensions
65.23.153.166;Dragonmere
novusnetworks.nn.pe:25594;Novus Networks
185.38.148.49:25602;Bilchardthegreat
scriptinglegacy.cr.rs;Scripting Legacy
162.244.166.11:25847;NoYouSmellys Paradise
23.226.68.5;EnderNetwork
blizzardnetwork.net;Blizzard Network Just Opened 06 08 15
hoenn.pixelmon.net;Hoenn Adventure Server
kanto.pixelmon.net;Kanto Adventure Server
pixel.drale.com;Boss Survivle
c.stratuscraft.net;StratusCraft.net Creative
Otzicraft.beastmc.com;Otzicraft
192.95.46.29;McProServer
bludcrew.mcph.co:42947;BloodCraft
mc.cakehappy.net;Cake Happy Survival
mc.elocovit.com;Elocovit
23.235.232.114:58083;Faction AtomicPVP
venturequest.game-host.org;venturequest
192.95.21.105;RockyFactions
Survival.wcraft-mc.us;WorldCraft Survival
Play.Controller.nn.pe:25592;TheController
Play.Controller.nn.pe:25592;TheController
play.kaspermc.com;KasperMC
Play.CriticalMC.net;CriticalMC
galactica.fiber.us.to;Fiber One Galactica
mc.playkyuzi.com;KyuziNetwork
96.127.135.61;Clownfish Network
Hub.alazar-network.com;Alazar Network
Play.technacraft.eu;TechnaCraft
mc.neotania.com;Neotania
mc.volcanicpvp.com;VolcanicPvP
185.38.148.77:25591;TheBlitzMC
farm-kingdom.net;Farm Kingdom
mc.spartaprison.com;Sparta Prison
162.244.165.21:25697;OlypticMC
vortexpvp.pw;Vortex PVP
play.mayhempvp.net;MayhemPvPNetwork
punkey.fluidreality.co.uk;Cakecraft
Play.SuperMC.Org;SuperMC
anasky.hosthorde.net:25852;Anathema Sky
galactica.fiber.us.to;Fiber One Galactica
mw.mc-mega.com;MissleWars
play.blazecraft-mc.com;BlazeCraft
brocraftlive.net;Brocraft
198.27.83.149;BurntServer
mc.techraptor.us;Techraptor
185.38.148.77:25591;TheBlitzMC
breakoutmc.org;BreakOutMc
play1.kincraft.net;Kincraft
Play.BrutalFactions.Us;BrutalFactions
mc.prisontime.net;PrisonTime
198.15.88.226:25930;Potatocraft
108.170.16.207;RPG TOWNY
mc15.fadehost.com:25781;SheepCraft
66.85.128.90:25880;RaidenCraft
fac.dispersion.uk.to;Dispersion Factions
minemancraft.mymcnode.com;MineManCraft
76.72.175.59:25699;Vanilla Planet
69.175.43.28;Fallen Towns
modsauce.skygins.net;Skygins Modsauce
Liosiacraft.minecraft.to;Liosiacraft.minecraft.to
SkyVolcano.de;SkyVolcano.de
play.mightypvp.nn.pe:25590;Mighty PVP
morepower.minuet-uk.com:25566;Morepower II
minehost25.host-unlimited.de:27890;Sangunia
Gun-Games.de;SkyPlex
dragonversemc.mcph.co;DragonVerse
46.4.101.207:25577;Hawaii-Fisken
167.114.102.201:25597;Mind-Craft-War
play.mianitemembers.cf;The Realm of Mianite Members
146-132.desirehost.com.br:10022;PegasusHG
mc15.fadehost.com:25781;SheepCraft
mc.lbplegends.net;LbpLegends
CosmicGalaxy.us.to;Cosmic Galaxy
tubersland.minecraft.to;Tubersland
87.98.194.51:25765;AnthraxNetwork
Blowncraft.ro.nn.pe:25590;Blown-Craft
Minecrafterhuf.es;Minecrafterhuf
23.235.224.76;Mc-Stealthcraft
109.169.58.22;McProUnited Official Minecraft Server
etfactions.mcpro.co:25964;Eternal Factions
64.31.52.47;Geeky Servers
mc.flarzfactions.uk:26605;FlarzCraft
119.81.65.252:37114;ThePond
kpvp.pw;KingsPvP
192.111.147.174;Woon Craft
192.95.31.60:51577;AlexCraft
minecraftmemories.no-ip.org;Minecraft Memories
adventurequest.serverminer.com:25831;Adventure Quest
162.252.10.201;Purity Craft 
play.thearenas.us;The Arenas
162.244.164.71;LockdownMC
72.46.139.114;FTW - MC
192.95.21.105;VoxelFactions
play.blockgods.net;BlockGods
banana.join-srv.net;Banana-Craft
mc.cc.nn.pe:25589;CrampCraft V2.0
185.38.148.43:25610;MinnerCraft
mc.apollocraft.net;Apollocraft Network
mc.thrivinginchaos.net;Thriving In Chaos Factions
jailhouseblox.com;Brom
37.59.135.145;windoom
mc.ravegn.com;Ravecraft
5.230.227.189;Deamoncraft
Play.MarsMC.Net;MarsMC
RoxMc.tk;RoxMc
play.ehmine.com;EhMine - Survival
play.faded.cc;Faded Network
armorhub.net;ArmorHub
184.154.99.51;MinersCraft
ExtremeWarfare.mcserver.ws;ExtremeWarfare
heavenkraft.com;HeavenFactions
pandaacraft.nn.pe:25570;PandaaCraft
betatude.com;Betatude
mc.clubobsidian.com;.clubobsidian
172.245.31.229;CrystalCraft
178.20.170.87:25653;ES-craft
176.31.241.171:25680;Vangeance Factions PvP
galaxypvp.4minecraft.de;GalaxyPvP | SkyPvP
play.survivomc.com;SurviVoMCs Gaming Network
162.244.167.58;JazzNorwayGamerS
mc.safaracraft.com;Safaracraft
secondarygaming.us;SGs Mech and Magic 1 7 10 ATLauncher
198.24.171.235;PGM - Phoenix Gaming Minecraft
us.skullmc.org;Us SkullMc Hub
playcraftpvp.tk;PlayCraftPvP
minecraftmafia.nn.pe:25600;The mafia network
inkycraft.net;InkyCraft
162.244.165.111;FandomCraft
mc-InvasionCraft.net;InvasionCraft
148.251.238.174:25761;SwedeCraft | Raid | PVP | Parkour
85.236.102.65:29065;Sapphire Gaming
8.6.77.213;CreeperPVP
s27.hosthorde.com:25706;Oakwood
162.244.165.79;EvoPvP
198.12.65.87:25765;Cloud Gaming
64.31.50.150:25570;Beyond The Block
198.24.163.106:62440;Wave-Craft
71.61.227.224;InfamousCraft
HexaCraft.McPro.Co;HexaCraft
mc13.fadehost.com:26192;Thirsty Flamingos
DeltaPVP.beastmc.com;DeltaPVP
blad3.craft.vg;Blade Craft
mc.playminity.com;PlayMinity - Custom Minigames
noobcraft.uk;NoobCraftUK
eu.igghq.com;IGG The Independent Gaming Group
SkyPrix-mc.zap-hosting.com;SkyPrix
overcastgaming.nn.pe:25610;Overcast Gamings Minecraft Server
107.6.164.123;DrygonCraft
162.244.165.79;EvoPvP
198.204.237.235:25578;Nefari Craft 2
ubercraft.co;UberCraft
192.99.39.200:26766;StormCraft Network
hub.creationcraft.org;CreationCraft 
play.aeroserver.net;Aeroserver
198.154.103.82;TheSkypeShowTown SKyBlockz
188.212.100.218;DiamondCraft
play.mcbestcraft.net;We Still Stand
play.dsgc.eu;DSGC Minecraft
s21.hostmc.pl; Sky-block.hostmc.pl
142.4.219.198:26744;toastcraft
mc15.fadehost.com:25810;Almost Original Survival
Play.Mianiterealm.com;Mianite Realm
play.cloudcraftnetwork.us;CloudCraftNetwork
212.83.130.28:12694;ExiliumOverCraft
play.entitymc.com;EntityMC
198.143.150.142;mc.comic.crafting.com
84.213.44.119;Vanilla Blockbusters Paradise
s18.hosthorde.com:25864;Kingdom of Erimere
play.minebreak.org;MineBreak
mc.wucocraft.com;WucoNetwork v2 - HUB Server
mc.endlesshorizons.co.uk;Endless Horizons
162.244.165.1:63334;MentalCraft
extreme.i3lizzard.com;ExtremeGamingPvP
mc.PryeHeads.com;PryeHeads
adamleah.webhop.me;Ender Craft
mc.game-crime.com;New Pine
DeltaPvp.beastmc.com;DeltaPvP
CryptikNetwork.beastmc.com;Cryptik Network
avengepvp.nn.pe:25569;Avenge PVP
GeneralPVP.net;GeneralPVP
lordcraft.gamemc.nl:26068;lordcraft
185.38.148.39:25755;ZamfoCraft
TheConceptArchitecture.mcnode.net;TheConceptArchitecture
CookieHub.us.to;CookieHub
px.thenodemc.com;TheNode Network
169.249.170.31:25570;MineField
pixel.rc-gamers.com;pixelcraft
us.mcspinbox.com;MCSpinbox
playml.com:26097;Medieval Legends MC
play.criticalpvp.us;CriticalPvP
play.thezebramc.com;TheZebraMC
192.95.29.31:25582;DauntlessMC Skyblock
ironpvp.us.to:25568;IronPVP Factions
odyssey.pw;DogeServers - DungeonRealms
NewLife.beastmc.com;NewLife
electrified.beastmc.com;Electrifiedmc
198.24.167.195;BrutalNetwork
daguerro.net;WGDN Towny
198.24.167.149;FatalFactions
198.154.103.236;ButterCraft
mc.paradisecraft.es;ParadisCraft Network
Hub.StarCraft.link;StarCraft
TDCentral.beastmc.com;The Diamond Central
mc.mcempire.net;MCEmpire Resurrected
jogar.mithcraft.com;MithCraft
CinemaPrison.com;powerfactions
emenbee.net;Pendar2
s35.hosthorde.com:26034;Hell Rebellion
66.85.146.242:41294;Era of Nyx
partyfreebuild.mcalias.com:25738;Party freebuild
85.190.128.46;BioCraft
5.196.176.28;Serwer Minecraft SkyBlock SkyWars PvP
a5.lionhost.org;LionCraft
play.thezebramc.com;TheZebraMC OP Prison
46.20.1.66:1110;OxygenCraft 
ghostforest.net;ghostforest
droppercraft.mcpro.eu;DropperCraft
play.frostbyte.eu;FrostByte
mc.aracraft.net;AraCraft
boldcraft.eu;BoldCraft Prison
74.50.117.130:25617;RulzProductionz
174.138.171.122;minecraft for minecraft players
64.31.51.227:26237;MedievalWorld
192.99.219.108:25665;Toast and Bachus build
198.24.165.154:59620;WolfDen
ubyquitbeast.no-ip.org;UbyquitGame
play.darkmines.com;DarkMines
mc.CityCraftMC.com;SurvivalCity
play.mincra.jp;MinCra
doomgaming.net;DoomGaming
minecraft.neoname.eu;The SSS
hardmine.crystal-serv.com:27060;HardMine
mc.themad.dk;TheMad
176.227.192.37;ChargedPixelmon
original-gamers.net;GamerPedroBR
69.175.101.210;MonsterGaming
techcraft.uk.to;TechCraft OP Prison
play.superbashbros.net;SupeBashBros Server
ScarredPrison.com;ScarredPrison
pixelmoncraft.com:63302;happpppppppy
play.primemc.org;come all come one
192.3.16.138:25595;The Petting Zoo
epiccraftnetwork.iotn.co;EpicCraft Network
mc.worldpresets.com;World Presets Server
mc1.pikablox.com:25575;PikaBlox - Pixelmon Survival/RP Server
OP-PrisonMC.com;OP-PrisonMC
DigThenBuild.serverminer.com;Dig Then Build
192.210.229.87;IndustryPvP
Domincraft.pl;Domincraft
play.pats.computer:25599;Pats.Computer - Private Survival
192.3.46.157;Pixelmon Legendcraft
play.golddustmc.com;Gold Dust MC
play.jcraftserver.nl;Jcraft
ChrisMintjesLOTR.dmch.nl;ChrisMintjes LOTR Server
mcunited.servegame.com:36309;MinecraftersUnited
192.210.238.27:25665;Pronecraft
SB-Central.com;Skyblock
Anno.mcserver.ws;Anno
huitaplus.com;Huitaplus
mc.HuntsCraft.uk.to;HuntsCraft
mcfoxcraft.com;Z&A MOD
smashmc.ddns.net;SmashMC
178.33.133.214:25595;Pandora
play.eternalpixelmon.com;Eternal Pixelmon l Shiny Starters l
96.127.154.186:34259;Kingdoms of Zapheiri
80.232.242.153;Mc.gopro.lv
208.66.77.118;Team Chaotic Crafters
yipegaming.co.uk:25875;YipeGaming
104.219.4.61;DuskPrison- need staff
destinationpvp.primedtnt.com;DestinationPvP
emperion.eu;Minecraft Server 
192.99.14.127:25848;MineSoul
75.183.90.108;zorrocraft
megacraftlp.net;MegacraftLP
162.244.166.101:62409;Foreverandever
46.4.95.205:25569;Freaky MC
novanetwork.us.to;The Nova Network
mc.bfbnorway.com;bfbnorway
mc.craft.lv;mc.craft.lv
server26.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games and Creative
192.99.46.92:25724;ZappedCraft
play.thezebramc.com;The Zebra MC OP Prison (Dont use port)
play.thezebramc.com;The Zebra MC OP Prison (Dont use port)
play.thezebramc.com;The Zebra MC OP Prison (Dont use port)
play.pyrostasis.com;TDK Network
InsaneAsylum.allowed.org;The Insane Asylum
officialshadowcraft.mcph.co;ShadowGamers
mc.play-pc.net;PlatinumCraft
192.95.38.156;Topaz Prison
humaneprison.net;Humane Prison
185.38.148.53:25579;Llama Revolution
a1craft.com;Cheto Games
exodiacraft.net;ExodiaCraft Network
play.mrgocanes.com;Eden Universe
hexaprison.com;Hexaprison.com
play.phasegaming.net;PhasePrison 2.0
mc.kekocraft.eu;KekoCraft
Clashcraft.beastmc.com;Clashcraft.beastmc.com
mc.strictlygaming.net:25665;Strictly Gaming
towny.urbanmc.net;UrbanMC
play.Legacy-MC.com;Legacy MC Network
5.62.100.116;Minecraft Vanilla Server
eu.LightPvP.net;LightPvP
198.50.137.132;HardCraft
extremecraft.org;ExtremeCraft
play.last-craft.com;LastCraft
185.28.189.198:25993;ElderCraft
kywinhub.com;KywinMC
captaincraft.mcpro.eu;Captaincraft
play.theflare.org;TheFlare
mc.instinctpvp.com;InstinctPvP
TheRiftMC.com;TheRiftMC Gamer Network
play.vextronmc.com;VextronMc
mc.pixelmonruby.net;Pixelmon Ruby
play.sprucemc.com;SpruceMc
play.worldclassmc.com;Worldclass Minecraft
play.zinkcraft.net;ZinkCraft
192.99.21.123:26505;MG-Central
moocrafttowny.tk;Moocraft Towny
mc.iceCraft.us;iceCraft
192.99.137.167;Peasentcraft
198.23.247.79;TownsCraft
nznetwork.co.nz:25555;NZ Network
mc.katzville.net:25797;KatzVille Network - Survival | Parkour
ninjanartatoes.nitrous.it:25609;Ninjanartatoes
198.24.162.106:45239;CreeperCraft
the.fmv-mc.co.uk;Full Motion Minecraft Factions
voxelsource.de:25575;VoxelSource Digimobs
TMD.servequake.com;The Moo Dynasty 
s7.hosthorde.com:25831;SpartanCraft
104.36.85.40;boldPvP
hub.aerisgaming.com:25569;TheWalkingDead|WesternMC|FalloutAtlanta
198.24.180.136;Simple KitPvP
162.244.165.101:25588;DiamondNetwork
188.165.137.201:25700;craft-minecraft
play.M3Minecraft.com:25644;M3Minecraft
pandemicfactions.com;Pandemic PvP
Play.Rockyprison.com;Rocky-Prison A-Z Op Prison
teamnova.mcpro.co;TeamNova
play.osfactions.com:26471;OmegaSlam-Factions
play.mcalagaesia.com;MCAlagaesia Public Build Server
AcroCraft.omgcraft.fr:10599;AcroCraft
play.avnk.net;Avalanche Network
Fenceterritory.mcpro.co;FenceTerritory
noteblox.ddns.net;Noteblox
198.50.205.202;RocatCraft
mc.game-crime.com;NEW-PINE
server.zomgang.net:25851;ZomGang
80.82.209.138:26036;Gromus
mcperfect.dynns.com;PerfectionCloud
80.82.209.138:26036;Gromus - Factions KitPVP Skyblock
77.111.247.136;Immortal.Cs1.Ro
minecraft.sexy;ShadyNetwork
play.townymc.net;TownyMC
royalpvp.beastmc.com;RoyalPvP
server27.konsider.com;Friendly server for everyone
198.23.199.200;Derpy Factions
mc.thefleet.me;TheFleet
lemmonit.com;Lemmoncraft
109.230.228.81;CreeperGames
209.105.238.201;Mianite
198.24.172.58:55177;PiggyProject
64.31.50.224;KittyCraft
euskocraft.servegame.com;EuskoCraft
CivilMiner.com;CivilMiner
88.150.162.174;Wyrm Gnosis Survival Server
Vallgatan.org;JadevadePvP
37.187.145.145:25629;MGwnetork
mc.sarmo.eu:25641;Sarmo Craft
jasmc.pl;JasMC
198.154.117.55;Asura-Craft
mcProductions.mcpro.co:54779;mcProductions
play.ruinedsurvival.com;Ruined Survival
ptxserver.com;PTX Server
play.jeocraft.com;JeoCraft
Silvercraft.beastmc.com;Silvercraft
192.99.21.47:25812;CraftingCavern
TheCakeIsALie.Me;TheCakeIsALie
avernummc.beastmc.com;Avernum Network
mc.minesauce.com;MineSauce
mc.minesauce.com;MineSauce
198.50.215.96;Expert Network MC
185.28.189.140:42273;LegendPvP
85.131.230.225;StrikeSplash
94.23.19.200;Zarp Gaming Minecraft Server
skygalaxy2.beastmc.com;Sky Galaxy
dumdercraft.servermc.nl;DumbderCraft
185.16.85.37:25665;The New Beginning
TenebrousMc.com;TenebrousMc.com
192.210.232.126;spookies hallow
digfordiamonds.com;Dig For Diamonds - Factions
origin.mcpro.co:42789;The Origin of All Things
Vulcanmc.org;Vulcanmc
StrengCraft.com;StrengCraft
exodonmc.com;ExodonMC
play.nextmc.us;NextMC
TheOfficialFrostyServer.ApexMinecraft.Com:25689;The Frosty Server
3f.hopto.org;Fight For Fap
play.survimc.net;SurviMC Network
survival.nordcraft.no;Nordcraft
dumdercraft.servermc.nl;DumderCraft
37.187.145.145:25629;MG Network Factions
mc.dixigame.com;Dixigame Russian craft Server
mc.limefruit.net;LimeFruit
wildsau.enemy.org;wildsau
Mc.minecade.ru;Minecade Games
198.20.127.66;Kingdom Legends
deluxemining.com;DeluxeMining | OP Prison
172.245.31.167;Doombulletgames
SMPCraft.apexminecraft.com;PurgePvP
162.244.164.49;DarkPvP
nozenpvp.net;NoZenPvP
RufixHD.mc-hoster.de;Rufix
StrengCraft.com;StrengCraft
PvPmc.de;PvPmc
fearbending.beastmc.com;FearCraft
5.10.110.102;Xtnetwork.mcph.co
play.montycraft.com;montycraft
80.243.125.21:25665;Bct-Dk
184.171.251.90;ArcadiaPVP (PVP)
optimal.beastmc.com;Optimal Factions
77.111.196.47;Marotofacs (cracked)
119.81.66.146:31854;Bread Network
theIslandPixelmon.serverminer.com:26051;TheIslandProductions Pixelmon
Gommehd.net;poofmamakev map
109.169.58.48;DeluxeCraft
142.54.189.90:25628;MinerCraft
78.46.20.27:25727;MCPS
mc.estudia2.com;Sirio7
85.114.130.119:26040;chesney
minecraft.diamonds;Minecraft.Diamonds
AdvancedPvP.com;AdvancedPvP
31.214.234.131;PvPGoDs
31.214.234.131;PvPGoDs
valfranya.mcph.eu;Valfranya
jogar.endcraft.com.br;EndCraft
mc.stealthprison.org;StealthNetwork
mc.stealthprison.org;StealthPrison
mc.eurobukkit.eu;EuroBukkit
mc.atomic-cloud.net;Atomic Cloud Network
185.38.148.99:25579;AyrithPVP
mc.creepymcserver.co.uk;CreepyMCNetwork
slimeblock.beastmc.com;Slime Block 
DiversityGaming.net;DiversityGaming
mc.archeruniverse.com;ArcherUniverse
192.95.30.85:25636;CheemoCraft
37.59.137.195;OblivionMc
melon.mcpro.eu;Melon Craft
BobCastle.join-srv.net;Bob Castle EU(latest minecraft features)
BobCastle.mcpro.co;Bob Castle US(latest minecraft features)
BobCastle.mcpro.co;Bob Castle US(latest minecraft features)
BobCastle.join-srv.net;BobCastle EU(latest minecraft features)
BobCastle.join-srv.net;BobCastle EU(latest minecraft features)
BobCastle.mcpro.co;BobCastle US(latest minecraft features)
play.pokeclash.com;PokeClash
s42.hosthorde.com:25863;Gults Gorge
play.doublebnetwork.com;Double B Network
62.210.234.73:12526;SplashGames
zeropvp.com;Zeropvp
n8.csrv.pl:11765;CraftPlay
FazMC.net;FazMC  | OPPrison 
orbitrealms.com;Orbit Realms
milkpants.mcph.co;MilkPants
198.143.140.228;TrollCraft
MianiteSurvival.mcpro.eu;The Realms Of Mianite 
mc.rebelglow.net:25626;RebelGlow
adamsminecraft.com;Adam&Stan
faction.illuzioncraft.com;IlluZionCraft Factions
overloadmc.com;OverloadPrison
185.38.148.93:25590;SneakyCraft
play.minelegends.us;MineLegends Network
discovery-mc.game-host.org:25577;Discovery Freeplay Direwolf20
ipocketisland.com;Minejam
s46.hosthorde.com:26064;Havoc MC
thepvpkings.mcpro.co;The PVP KIngs
lobby.dragnetmc.com;Dragon Network
kubos.fluctis.com;Kubos
Gangstercraft.de;Gangstercraft
play.mine-chunk.com;MineSaken
BobCastle.join-srv.net;BobCastle EU(latest minecraft features)
BobCastle.mcpro.co;BobCastle US(latest minecraft features)
BobCastle.mcpro.co;BobCastle US(latest minecraft features)
BobCastle.join-srv.net;BobCastle EU(latest minecraft features)
eu.minegrech.com;MineGrech
play.polygoncraft.net;PolygonCraft
5.45.103.150;Dere Server
pixel-mon.pl;pixel-mon.pl
play.oracnid.com;PvP-Fredertron-Craft
185.38.148.46:25572;BerzerkPvP
wottcraft.com;Wottcraft
notmoving.g-s.nu;Starcraft 24/7 No Hamachi
mc.parkourse.com;Parkourse
192.99.38.169:40674;SpartaCraft
198.15.115.114:25706;CastleKraft
play.minehero.us;MineHero
Galaxysb.com;Galaxy Skyblock
premiumpvp.com;Premium PvP
mc.dyescape.com;Dyescape
5.53.148.91;FancyCraft 24/7
endstonecreative.g-s.nu:40023;EndStoneMC
masterblock.ddns.net;masterblock
82.145.61.56;AvatarRPS
e2.fulleffectservers.com:25977;Garblewood
play.dronepvp.net;DronePvP
185.38.148.152:25588;Drum Funk
play.stonerbros.org;420 StonerBros Network
theodyssey.beastmc.com;TheOdyssey
OmegaPvP.eu;OmegaPvP.eu
185.38.148.43:25610;apply Staff BuilderDeveloper Minnercraft
mc.regiusraids.net;RegiusRaids
mc.crimsonpvp.com;crimson
diamondcraftsb.us.to;DiamondCraftNetwork
goosecraft.net:25569;Goose Craft
199.187.127.137:25761;MiseryCraft
play.dementedfactions.net;Demented Factions
s47.hosthorde.com:26007;TeamPyro
pvp.sfxworks.net;SoundsLikePvP
play.minecraft.jp;Japan Minecraft PvP
185.52.52.114:25694;Warrenaterz Realm
mc.apocgaming.org:7851;Apoc Gaming Yogscast Complete
Play.InfinityCharge.net;InfinityCharge
play.craftage.net;CraftAge
mc.injectbrasil.esy.es;InjectCraft
geekcraft.nitrous.it;GeekCraft
FadeCloud.com;cool skyblock
mc.endlesssurvival.co.uk;Endless Survival
mc.minecrafteo.es;Minecrafteo
enpvp.tk;elemtal network
evilmodbox.com;EvilModBox
juiceboxraids.beastmc.com;Juicebox Raids
renegadefactions.us.to;RenegadeFactions
universeblock.craft.vg;Universe Block
178.32.79.96;Egarcraft
Lightningcraft.rocks;Lightningcraft
198.50.170.185;ChileCraft
mc.hybercraft.net;Hybercraft
4DGMinecraft.nn.pe:25588;4DGMinecraft
198.24.171.34:28430;ternioncraft
198.12.66.2;MCRisk
mc.LovahsCompany.com:25572;Lovahs Company
162.223.9.126;Brotherhood of the Block
mc.twentyfoursevengaming.com;24/7 Gaming
play.caversia.com;Caversia
patserv.linkpc.net;PatServ Bungee Servers
mc.pickleprison.us;Pickle Prison
37.157.241.130:25692;Creeper Hatchet
69.175.54.90:45804;Flaming Gaming
162.252.10.180;shadow_clan gaming
178.149.52.182;UniverseCraft
servercake.fadehost.com;Server_Cake
mc.dinastycraft.nn.pe:25581;DinastyCraft
95.141.42.104:25572;butterclan12
85.190.138.250;ZackZackPlay
198.27.69.205;Infinitum Factions
mc.exgm.org;Minigames TBF
odyssey.pw;Dungeon Realms
23.252.116.10:25970;TMWB Prison
ultracraft.org;Ultra Craft
prison.templarcraft.org;TemplarCraft Prison Server
play.orbitalprison.com;Orbit Craft Prison
66.85.165.170:26305;PlatinumVerse
servercake.fadehost.com;Server_CAKE
play.neutroncraft.com;NeutronCraft
bitquest.co;BitQuest
noiprasit.org;Blockos Network
gallery.xoft.cz;MCServer gallery
fairy.mcph.co;Fairy Craft
as.pixelbude.org;Deutscher Agrarian Skies
PhantomRealms.net;Phantom Realms
192.95.30.105;You Craft
cookiecraze.us;CookieCraze
SurfMC.net;SurfMC.net
uncrafted.de;Uncrafted
192.99.44.167:25881;TreePvP
brocraftvanilla.theminecrafthosting.com;BroCraft - Vanilla
laprison.net;LAprison
factions.sheen.id.au;Mikeland Factions
play.sporkcraft.com;Sporkcraft
s36.hosthorde.com:25925;Mineros Descontrolados
162.244.165.101:25588;Diamond Network
65.60.58.18:36966;Survival Wars
purepvp.org;PurePvP
192.99.14.199:26056;Cavernz
smp.novarealmsmc.com;Nova Realms
play.slayersurvival.net;Slayer Survival Network
join.cfew.us;Clownfishs Everyone Welcome Server 
smashfac.mcph.co;SmashFac
iceagecraft.mcserver.ws;IceAgeCraftMC
s1.cubehost.pl:5012;ZombieCraft2
192.99.46.97;SwegCreft
skullcraftmc.mcph.co;SkullCraft
mc.gunwars.org;Gun Wars
185.38.149.42:25590;AgeCraftPvP
77.111.195.111;Land Of Blazes 
mc.fillecraft.com;Fillefilip8
3inthemorning.tk;Three In The Morning
lobby.dragnetmc.com;Dragon Network
play.soulcraftmc.org;SoulCraftMC
162.213.209.167;the pro minecrafters
mc.daletech.us:12345;DaleTech Forge Server
81.30.154.178;Keycraft
dominanceop.mcph.co;Domiance Op PvP
play.craftyclub.org;CraftyClub Network
voxelfactions.tk;VoxelFactions
www.skellynetwork.com;TheSkellyNetwork
Anomaly.zapto.org;Legends of Anomaly
192.210.233.142;TheVoidSG
minecraftprison.mcpro.co;Undisclosed-Gaming Prison
93.91.250.121:27194;Leivatan
renegadefactions.us.to;RenegadeFactions
185.28.188.184;SweCrft
mc.balugacraft.tk;BelugaCraft
5.196.131.174;EcoCraft
joddcraft.gameserv.co;Jiddcraft
85.236.101.90:25765;TofteCraft Survival
highnation.us;HighNation
185.28.188.151;DanVille
play.knightmcs.net;KnightMCS 
play.minehero.us;MineHeroMC
generationcraft.verygames.net;GenerationCraft
eu.cube-mc.net;Cube Mc
play.staticnetwork.net;play.staticnetwork.net
mc.supercraft.eu;SuperCraft
162.245.0.159;RecruitingSoon
mc.nyxcraft.org;NyxCraft
96.127.135.58;NaturalisCraft
192.99.19.190:25835;TheForgeNetwork
towny.hqgaming.us;HQGaming Towny
awesomecraftredo.mcph.co;Awesomecraft Rewind
hydrafactions-mc.mcph.co;Hydra Factions
awesomecraftredo.mcph.co;Awesomecraft
hydrafactions-mc.mcph.co;Hydra Factions
mc.darthdoesmc.net;DarthDoesMC Network
thecryptic.net;The Cryptic Network
184.154.104.50:26947;NeonGaming
dreamland.mcph.eu;Dreamland Survival
169.249.170.36:25598;mygamrbuild
192.99.15.114:26017;SheepCraft
minewake.com;MineWake Network
play.accelerationmc.net;accelerationmc
ironpvp.ddns.us:25568;IronPVP - New|Need Staff|
mc.minevision.net;netgear
mc.clubobsidian.com;netgear
marinecraft.mcpro.co;MarineCraft
mc.minevex.com;Minevex Network
play.hellenicpvp.com;HellenicPvP
198.12.88.201;DestinyPvP
play.fantasyrealms.net;FantasyRealms
Exinity.co.uk;ExinityMC | Factions | PvP & Raiding |
play.popcraftsmp.com;POPCRAFT
198.23.203.70;Community Server
mc.edgeplaysmc.tk;Edge plays MC
162.244.164.121:44697;Reborn prison
AthenaPrison.com;AthenaPrison
play.lunar-network.net;Lunar Network
OpTnT.mcph.co;OpTnT (needs staff)
174.138.171.126;FlameMC
162.244.165.151;EvolvePVP
play.nativemc.net;NativeMc
ImperialCrafters.HostTheGame.com;ImperialCrafters 24/7 Minigames
uniqueprison.com;UniquePrison
mc-rl.com;MineSwine
digssmc.ggserv.co:26333;DIGSS
178.32.249.225;ShortyCraft
198.23.157.72;MCReborn KitPvP
192.3.95.35;BROCRAFT
play.ExodusNetwork.org;Exodus Network
endarch.digipokegames.com;Endarch
phanaticmc.com;phanatic
play.blackcraftnetwork.us:27702;BlackCraft by BlackPulse
saucecraft.fadehost.com;SauceCraft
platinummc.mc-srv.com:25951;PlatinumMC
mc.fabledpixels.com:25666;FabledPixels
mc.fabledpixels.com:25666;FabledPixels
108.200.60.123;SpiralCraft Skyblock
162.218.115.4;C-G Craft -Looking for staff
olympuspvp.beastmc.com;OlympusPvP
198.143.140.184;royalcraft
192.95.46.126;EnchantedPVP
pixelmonxl.gameserv.co;Pixelmon Extra Large
76.164.197.98:25887;ComiCraft
play.rektcraft.net;Rektcraft
play.creepercraftmc.net;CreepercraftMC 
LegacyMC.shservers.net;Comprehensive list of Minecraft servers
minevilla.no-ip.org;Minevilla
play.crypticgalaxypvp.net;Cryptic Galaxy PvP
eu.mineplex.com;mineplex
EpicFreedom.fadehost.com;EpicFreedom
server.darkender.com;DarkEnder
FadeCloud.com;FadeCloud
209.105.238.219;KamCraft
pupspvp.beastmc.com;PupsPVP
MC-SkyGrid.net;MC SkyGrid
49.50.246.217;Altum NZ
mc.nextraids.com;NextRaids
198.24.162.98;BreadFactions
mc.arkanite.net;Arkanite OP Prison
factions.wtf;What the Factions
CodSquad.tk;Cod Squad
69.147.201.254;TeamCraft
134.255.218.55:2646;ZappenDuster
nigelscraft.servegame.com;nigelscraft 
46.20.1.139:1174;ElitCraft
46.20.1.139:1174;ElitCraft
46.20.1.139:1174;ElitCraft
46.20.1.139:1174;ElitCraft
46.20.1.139:1174;ElitCraft
5.10.110.100:37910;PixelWorld
198.27.103.38;Mph-craft looking for help
198.50.214.71;DemonLandia
mc.cheysarmy.com;Cheys Army Factions
mc.ferociouspvp.com;FerociousPvP 
pvping.net;RageRaid
mcfactionwars.mcph.co;minecraft faction wars
play.feralcraft.net;CrazyMaxim
serenity.project273.com;Gogo Survival
serenity.project273.com.br;sdssdsdsd
162.244.164.69;AlexFreedom
factions.stonerbros.org;StonerBros factions
198.143.140.184;royalcraft
Mc4.webbcraft.co.uk;QuartzCraftOnline
mc.plunderfactions.us;Plunder Factions
pvp.factions.tv;FactionsPVP
MC.HexyMine.com;HexyMine
play.feralcraft.net;MaximMinecraft
37.187.76.97:26014;BlackoutFactions
minecraft.eudia-webber.eu:25563;Real neu server mit Hasse
198.15.88.226:25930;PotatoCraft
pvp.originmc.org;Origin
pvp.originmc.org;Origin
uservers.co.uk;Uservers - Direwolf20
cre-8.nitrous.it;Cre-8
192.210.233.78;ProfessionalCraft Dedicated
floydcraft.co.uk;FloydCraft
192.99.19.190:25634;PowerMine Network
txblockz.de;TXBlockZ
incendiary.mcserver.me;Incendiary Pixelmon
23.95.34.163;RoweCraft
rageprison.org;RagePrison
pvp.veroxus.com;VeroxusPvP
50.7.229.10:26779;Battlecraft
216.144.251.99:26177;Spanish Art Reason
mc.neverstopmining.com;NeverStopMining Factions #1 Rated Server
play.vitamc.me;VitaMC
Mestronuz.mcserver.ws;Mestronuz
mc.warcraft.la;Warcraft MC
mutantprison.net;Mutant Prison
shadowprison.beastmc.com;ShadowPrison
play.primeraids.com;PrimeRaids
busterpvp.com;BusterPvP
mc.infinityopfactions.com;Infinity Factions Need Staff
198.15.88.226:25930;PotatoCraft
162.244.167.81:25641;The World of Mianite
185.38.148.174:25609;UD prisons 
198.154.97.245;SeigeCraft
play.minefuturemc.com;MineFuture Network
fateclan.mirusgroup.net;FaTe Clan MC
s1.verybadcraft.fr;EasyFight
82.145.61.201;LabartaCraft - Server
jailcity.co;NinjaCraft
cyber.omgcraft.fr;CyberCraft
212.129.50.46;Fiuxycraft
overloadmc.com;OverloadMC
dracotaco.beastmc.com;Draco Craft (Needs Builders)
gunfight.playat.ch;Sci-Fi Craft
aspectgaming.factions.ws;Aspect Gaming
Play.g-s.nu:40813;Chicken
play.globemc.org;GlobeMC Network
mc.craftrealms.com;CraftRealns
play.terrocidepvp.net;Terrocide
mc.TrustedGames.eu;TrustedGames
mc.darthgaming.net;DarthGaming Factions mcMMO NoLag
192.99.38.21:25832;PXGMC
play.playsolaria.us;Solaria Server
play.raiderscraft.co;RaidersCraft
raezazel.mcpro.co;CombatLegends
stellarcraft.sytes.net;Stellarcraft
Pixelymon.org;PixelyMon
krakenpvp.mc-srv.com:25671;Kraken PvP
Play.ParticlePVP.Com;ParticlePVP
69.175.36.66;Relentless-Gaming
Jogar.introcraft.com.br;IntroCraft
192.3.107.201;MegaPunchMC
173.208.168.186:25582;Valhalla Server - Agrarian Skies
Dreamycraft.mcpro.co;DreamCraft
185.114.156.206:25638;StickyMC 
blazed.cc;Blazed MC (#1 Drug Server)
play.itsjerryandharry.com.;madkan66
128.65.215.243;Creative - Builder.de
188.165.198.106:25825;DurinsBuilders
mc.rivalprison.net;Rivalprison
mc.realitynetgaming.com;RealityNetGaming Network
play.maplepvp.com;MaplePvP
185.38.148.190:25575;ClozeusMC
Goldcrafthub.net;GoldCraft Kitpvp
play.crimsonkingdoms.net;CrimsonKingdoms
WoolyCraft.mcph.co;WoolyCraft
HyperionNetwork.org;Hyperion Network
playmc.ovocraft.com:25568;IronPVP - |New|Need Staff|
209.188.4.34:26011;The best
198.15.88.226:25930;PotatoCraft
play.thornpxlmon.tk;Thorn Pixelmon
konecycraft.beastmc.com;KonecyCraft
thecownetwork.mcpro.co:39526;The Cow Network
FaZeFactionsMC.mcph.co;FaZeFactionsMC Need Staff
play.avengerscraft.com;AvengersCraft
ac.shservers.net:26109;AlexmooCraft
multiverse.hosthorde.net;Multiverse Network
VN.MG;VanquishNetwork
192.210.233.78;ProfessionalCraft Dedicated
mineordie.com;Mine or Die
play.hardlesspvp.com;HardlessPVP
raiding.xyz;MPE Multiplayer Edition
play-plaguemc.cf;PlagueMC
Divicraft.gamename.net;Divicraft
mc.spiritualbending.com;Spiritual Bending 
play.fallenhub.net;Fallenworld
108.61.133.26;PnK Gaming Minecraft Server
play.ebolapvp.com;EbolaPvP
play.mcmyths.com;MCMyths
198.23.148.7;Kamakazi Craft
198.50.174.145;Floyd-Zeppelin - Factions
198.23.145.12;VideogameKingZ Public Survival
thecrunch.mcph.co;Crunch Net
civ.minetexas.com:25597;List of Minecraft servers online
appleshard.mcpro.eu:28274;AppleShard
198.24.161.154:59553;Doesscraft
play.provimgaming.com;Provim Gaming
mc.infinityopfactions.com;Infinity Factions
play.mcthemeparks.us;McThemeParks
getrektmc.us.to;RenegadeFactions
mc.spooner96.com:25567;Jackpot Factions
zyli.on.vg;zylion
184.95.35.194:57633;TheQuantex
play.vestroya.com;Vestroya
Gamestrike.de;Gamestrike.de 1-5-2
play.mkmonopoly.com;MK Monopoly
178.63.18.151;Nezix Factions
50.7.229.74:27434;sheepcraft OPprison
Play.dreamcraft-network.net;Dream network
192.227.136.19:25765;MedievalCraft
s55.hosthorde.com:25687;BossPvP
koolmc.com;KoolMC
64.74.111.3:25569;Croft cast Official server
mc.exgm.org;spinn army
mc.minehut.com;MineHut
goonsquad.mcpro.co:37488;Goon Craft
goonsquad.mcpro.co:37488;Goon Squad
lavacraftms.com;LaVaCraftMS
104.36.85.31;Butte County
188.40.42.150:25583;Minesolution
SpecialCraft.minecraft.to;SpecialCraft
162.244.164.69;AlexFreedom
play.empirecraft.de;empirecraft
FractalNetwork.org;FractalNetwork
ultimatenetworks.mcpro.co;Ultimate networks
BusterPvP.com;BusterPvP
Play.Pig-Craft.com:25634;Pig-Craft
119.81.65.254:52481;BMine
play.timelessgamestudios.com;Timeless Craft
104.218.97.160;BowWar
mcbudder.com;Budder Realms
Dexyz.mcfrag.net;DexyzGaming
mc.coastekpvp.com;Coastek PvP
macizun.me;Macizun Test Server
192.3.95.35;BroCraft
91.121.181.218;TNT Craft
198.20.107.51;Simple Survival 3.0
play.jgsbcraft.com:25602;JGSB Craft
csog.ddns.net;CyberSpaceOnlineGaming
eu.oc.tc;Felilekapo
ipvpfactions.us.to:25568;IronPVP - |New|Need Staff|
UnitedPvPNetwork.com;UnitedPvP
OP-SkyBlock.PowerFul-MC.net;OP-SkyBlock l Crazy Island On Start
deccocraft.mcph.co;DeccoCraft
PlayChaoticPvP.mcph.co:25863;ChaoticPvP
automc.mcph.co;AutoMc
178.32.74.250;SkyCrafters
84.41.76.135;ZalkoCraft
play.kingkits.us.to;kingkits kitpvp mcmmo 1 7 10 and 1 8 
37.59.31.145:25616;LegacyCraft
wobble107mc.nitrous.it;Wobble107mc
198.143.140.137;TheMineParty
198.143.140.137;TheMineParty
Play.Realraidz.com;Realraidz
Play.HyzunaPvP.eu:25592;HyzunaPvP
hearthcraft.nitrous.it;HearthCraft
theslayerman.fluctis.com;FactionsPvP
mc.stoneheart.eu;Stone Heart
mc.regius-raids.com;RegiusRaids
184.171.249.236;SpyroCraft
Minerx.mcpro.co;MinerX
107.167.82.3;Barbarian Craft
198.143.150.98;Pear Prison
play-lb.com;Legendary Bane 
play.wickedcraft.net;WickedCraft
162.223.9.204;MineKraze Prison
216.172.106.219;DantyCraft
mc.brutal-dimension.net;Brutal-Dimension
capital.mcph.co:60344;Capital Craft
37.59.5.223;InfiniteNight
mc.playfactionwars.com;FactionWars24/7
TCNetwork.uk.to;TCNetwork
play.stoneblocknetwork.net;Stone Block Network
play.metalicraft.com;MetaliCraft
epiccraft-mc.no-ip.org;Epic-Craft
37.187.139.123:26710;InfinityMind
nerdythings.mcpro.co;The nerds will rule the world
minecrafters.nl;minecrafters.nl
TowerMC.net;TowerMC
xguys.net;xGuys Prison
mc.Hapuda.de;Hapuda
91.121.154.78;Arylion Network
85.131.236.114;710 CRAFT
Play.LegendCentral.Net;EpicFactions
HyperionEmpire.Serverpit.com;HyperionEmpire
emenbee.net;emenbee
Play.XoniaNetwork.Net;XoniaFactions
192.95.49.177;MineField
ranni.ca:55566;Fluffy Factions Hardcore
64.34.190.101:26665;Best missile wars server out there
fletchcraft.tk;FletchCraft
167.114.100.116:25571;ObsidianGTM
184.95.35.194:52740;MegaPrison - OP Prison
mcionia.net;Ionia
rcnhosting.com:25564;Supreme Factions
192.95.49.177;MineField
192.95.49.177;MineField
184.95.61.122:39086;GTVCrafting
162.244.165.111:57748;ShellCraft
192.99.21.216:27580;RevolutionGaming
119.81.145.68:45630;Clan Wars
withernetworks.mcpro.co;WitherNetworks
play.fantasticpvp.com;FantasticPvP
play.fubarpvp.net;FubarPvP
5.255.85.199:27026;Fundycraft
178.32.253.164;AtomCraftMC
213.136.80.216:25585;Island Legacy
198.20.117.73;IceGamers
wintercrest.mc-srv.com;WinterCrest
23.95.116.12;Dragon Craft
162.252.10.197;Inklit 
198.24.162.110;CubixCreation
Play.LavanaCraft.Com;LavaNaCraft
play.meatpvp.com;MeatPvP
162.244.165.51:63844;Mine Bending
steam-nation.mcpro.co:31125;Steam Nation
play.cakemc.pw;CakeMC
us.pu-mc.com;Prevail Universe
mc.mineorex.com;Mineorex Network
Play.global-mc.org;GlobalMC OP Factions
188.241.14.46;Sheep.Overplay.ro
192.3.142.238;KidsKraft
FusionPrisonMC.net;Fusion Prison
pixelplay.mcph.co;Pixelplay
identalcraft.fluctis.com;iDentalCraft
hub.applecoremc.com:25567;AppleCoreMC
99.198.98.69;InSane Factions 
play.pokecrazed.org;PokeCrazed
GrenColonies.us.to;Grencraft Colonies
192.95.49.177;MineField
phenompvp.mcph.co;PhenomPvP
mc.mdbservers.net;Murder | Craft | Bacon
lakecraft.tk;LakeCraft
mc.omniscientmc.com;OmniscientMC
hkmine.zapto.org;HK Miners Colony
play.serocraft.com;SeroCraft MC
MCMaalPVP.dmch.nl;MCMaalPVP
play.creativecraft.org;CreativeCraft
mc.twerknetwork.ca;Twerk Network
185.38.148.46:25601;YorkiesChaserCraft
survcraft.me;Survcraft.me | Cracked | SkyPvP
cooby-craft.mcpro.co:2556;Cooby Craft
CaosCraft.Beastmc.com;CaosCraft
www.partialoff.com;Partialoff
guildofminecrafters.org;Guild Of Minecrafters
192.99.200.210:25852;BuildBlockMinecraft
EvilEmpire.beastmc.com;Evil Empire
the4.mcpro.co;The 4
huggingcreepers.serverminer.com;HuggingCreepers
play.cryptechraids.com;ayeShadysServer
37.187.137.104:28219;Queen Piggy Servers
mpfcraft.mcdl.eu;MPF Craft
162.213.42.184:25743;Division Factions
81.30.154.96;TAP-Minecraft Server
server.alliednations.org;Allied Nations
mc.rkga.co.za;ArKeGa
hub.vyzon.net;Vyzon Network
TheEndless.shockbyte.com:25678;TheEndlessNetwork
185.38.148.3;Pandoras Block
minecraft.ultimateplots.com;Ultimate Plots
thecryptic.net;The Cryptic
minezilla.us.to:29183;MineZilla
anubovia.beastmc.com;Anubovia - Survival
198.23.203.73;Fallen City
geekpower.fr;GeekPower - PixelMon
Emenbee.net;Emenbee
198.23.247.76;OpPrisonMayhem
158.85.69.137:48771;ThermalCraft Factions
play.mythicalnetwork.us;Mythical Network
167.114.101.58:25568;Planet Earth
mcc.miaocraft.com;Miaocraft
s51.hosthorde.com:25604;ZCS
mc.krof.si;mc.krof.si
play.dispansion.net;Dispansion Network
sephger.de;sephger.de
iridium.ggserv.co;Iridium MC
pixelcraftfactions.mcph.co;Pixelcraft Factions
85.131.197.178;Thegamertv-server
Godiva.mcpro.co;Godiva
108.61.135.148:25522;MC-Nation
play.arguscraft.org;ArgusCraft
us.mineplex.com;Amigos
172.245.30.204;Mcsurvivorcraft
Play.stadiocraft.com;Kr-pvp
minerx.mcpro.co;MinerX
s10.hosthorde.com:25760;UmbrasCraft
198.27.67.149:27166;Peridot Prison
mc.teh3l3m3nts.com;Teh3l3m3nts
drago-craft.tk;DragoCraft
aspectgaming.factions.ws;AspectGaming Creative
Play.mcdragonclaw.com;Dragonclaw
192.210.228.11;Cool Craft Factions
Village.Blockshost.net;Village-Craft
23.94.159.104;CharCraft-Pixelmon 3.3.5
Play.LorcanPvP.us;LorcanPvP
23.95.15.145;ZonedPvP
mc.zionrealm.com;ZionRealm
prohardland.hostmc.pl:4159;FCN2014
178.32.249.238;LegitPvP
play.dutchcraft-mc.nl;Dutch Craft Network
WitherCraftMC.mcpro.co;WitherCraft
hilltribe.co:54274;Hilltribe
craftofthegods.gamename.net:26095;Craft of the Gods
37.187.153.196:25647;OPCraft SkyPvP
mc.potatocraft.us;Potatocraft Network
162.244.167.71;Banana Brotherhood
23.94.159.50;CataclysmPvp
play.frozensnowman.com;Frozen Snowman 
mc.goldrushpvp.co.uk;GoldRush PvP
192.95.20.153;Killer Faction PVP
play.evopvp.net;EvoPVP
ipvpfactions.us.to:25568;IronPVP - |Factions|24/7|
mc.rainbowminecraft.com;RainbowCraft
calhoun.tv;DeanCraft
192.99.24.138;Euphoria Factions
158.85.69.138:61510;Phantoms Creative and Survival Server
75.102.40.237:25665;Server Of the GODS
play.globalpvp.com;Global PvP
pvp.thebattlecraft.net;BattleCraft
50.31.103.74;Hyper-MC
emenbee.net;Emenbee Realms
192.99.44.131;Faction FTW
play.epicfaction.com;Epic Faction
play.nationpvp.org;NationPVP
play.minecorp.net;MineCorp Network
play.cryptic-games.net;Cryptic-Prison
purplexuscraft.mcserver.ws:25566;PurplexusCraft
play.minecraftgates.com;MinecraftGates
185.38.148.152:25589;AscendPVP
flowspacemc.com:26055;Flow Space
play.dynamicprison.net;dynamicprison
Play.CryptechRaids.com;Cryptech Raids
142.4.217.117:25568;MineFlown
h.minecraft.to;Bau- und Wirtschaftsserver
kotake545.ddo.jp:25252;KotakeGunOnline
thehub.bot.nu;TheHub
hub.calcraftnetwork.com;CalCraft Prison
play.cakemc.pw;CakeMc We need staff
mc.safehavencloud.com;SafeHaven
play.lapismc.net;Lapis MC
192.95.37.92;Cypher
37.187.134.198:26335;Adimensional Craft
mc.safehavencloud.com;SafeHaven
play.galaxypvp.space;Edge Network
Teams-pvp.com;Teams-PvP
192.99.46.92:25708;MCFyte
play.megarealms.com;megarealms
Play.EcoQuestMC.com;EcoQuest 
prismarinerealms.net;Prismarine Realms
Elementcrafting.mcpro.co;ElementCrafting
192.252.223.111;Pirates vs Bandits
ElementCrafting.mcpro.co;Shaya
mc.rockdiamond.net;Rock Diamond Prison
72.46.129.178:25740;Trinity
The-LastStand.apexminecraft.com:25645;The Last Stand PVP
185.38.148.97:25589;Pixel Hunters Member Server
multimax.mcph.co;MultimaxMc
188.40.42.150:25609;DiamondPvP
pia.hopto.org:25566;Pias kleiner Baukasten
c4.lionhost.org:25590;MiddleAge Team
mc.alpacraft.com;Alpacraft
185.38.148.215;Miners and diggers server
hootcraftserver.fadehost.com;HootCraft Network
hootcraftserver.fadehost.com;HootCraft Network
hootcraftserver.fadehost.com;HootCraft Network
hootcraftserver.fadehost.com;HootCraft Network
hootcraftserver.fadehost.com;HootCraft Network
37.187.148.149:26016;Frosty Legion
fatalnetwork.net;FatalNetwork
ms-n.us;MineShaft
192.99.46.220:25886;tardiscraft
192.99.46.220:25886;tardiscraft
46.20.1.66:1123;Aspirin54
Snakecraft.us;SnakeCraft.us
192.99.201.226:25665;PlanetCraft
pmcraft.sytes.net;PMCraft
TheKillerProject.mcpro.co;The Killer Project
192.99.19.209;ArcadiaMC
SecretNetworks.org;MintCraft
Mc.MythicMiner.Info;Mythic Miner RPG
play.orcscraft.com;OrcsCraft
37.228.137.74;Enderslime PvP/SkyPvP
play.aelryth.com;Legend of Aelryth
play.fratcraft.be;Fratcraft
192.3.46.97:25566;Chill craft
192.3.46.97:25566;Need players and some staff
dlusionist.mine.nu:25573;Dlusionist Hexxit Server
fullpvp.craftgolds.net:27065;CraftGold
play.supremacymc.com;SupremacyMC
mc.cubeprison.net;Cube Prison
play.minersrealm.net:25917;MinersRealm
play.minersrealm.net:25917;MinersRealm
play.legitraids.me;Legit Raids
mc.BonusPvP.com;BONUSPVP
172.245.14.10:25660;Doves Society
Play.CryptexMC.com;CryptexMC
I-Network.in;I-Network
158.69.18.124;MerlionMC
ncraft.kr;Ncraft
mpenetworks.co.uk;MPE Networks
caesarpvp.serverminer.com;Banner Preview
109.230.255.13;ultimatecraft
play.blackrockmc.com;Black Rock MC
Mc.Beast-Network.com;The Beast Universe
play.tornadus.uk.to:12598;Tornadus Network
Cracked.PowerFul-MC.Net;Cracked Server l Custom Plugins & Games
play.oogar.com;Oogarcraft
amentrix.com;Amentrix
consumecraft.com;ConsumeCraft Survival McMMo 24/7
propvpcraft.mcsrv.eu:26309;pro.pvp.craft
propvpcraft.mcsrv.eu:26309;propvpcraft
propvpcraft.mcsrv.eu:26309;pvpcraft
216.172.108.180;tryquatrahawks server
prison-rush.com;Prison-Rush
propvpcraft.mcsrv.eu:26309;Pvpcraft
propvpcraft.mcsrv.eu:26309;Propvpvcraft
mcprison.net;MCPrison.NET
prisonmonarchy.com;PrisonMonarchy
prisonmonarchy.com;PrisonMonarchy
prisonmonarchy.com;Prisonmonarchy ignore port
kentrygve.com;RealPlayNorge
46.249.79.180;TOKTAR_99
WisePvp.factions.ws;WisePvp
GommeHD.net;GommeHD Network
digginpvp.beastmc.com;Digginpvp
mp.dirtcabincraft.com;Dirt Cabin Craft
198.50.253.140;Lendary Craft Pixelmon
162.245.3.15;Miners Paradox
Play.QuartzMC.com;Quartz MC
198.24.182.194:26919;SpyCraft
185.38.148.32:25568;IstariCraft
107.170.29.79;KillaCraft
192.99.148.120:25653;CubeNation
play.ironpvp.ddns.info:25568;IronPVP - |Factions|24/7|Need staff|
167.114.65.206;JeuxCraft
203.57.45.73;ForbiddenPrison
192.95.46.120;Musk Factions
krypticmcnetwork.us:31906;KrypticMcnetwork
80.82.209.227:25992;GameCraft
37.187.167.172:40487;BulgarianCraft
play.mpsurvival.com;MPSurvival
mc.noirmc.com;NoirMC
RocketPvP.mcpro.co;RocketPvP
144.76.67.179:25615;Age of the Insane
freebuild.mineactivity.com;MineActivity
play.olympuscraft.co;OlypmusCraft
192.95.20.153;Killer Faction PvP
colormaticcraft.mcpro.co:35472;ColormaticCraft Faction Server No Swear
ultiprison.fmc.pw;Ulti Prison
Craftycraft.mcph.eu;Craftycraft
ipvp.ddns.ms:25568;IronPVP - |Factions|24/7|Need staff|
192.95.20.153;killerfacpvp
198.143.142.173;MineLime
Redstonescape.mcpro.co;RedStone Scape
192.99.19.209;EnderCraft
119.81.145.70:34527;Custom Z Craft-Season 2
162.244.166.1:30370;BuildACraft
mc.playtdmc.net;Play TDMC
Narwhals.beastmc.com;Narwhals Factions
198.50.206.45;Dimensional Block
Mc.Platformpvp.Net;PlatformPVP
184.154.107.246;Heroes of Oracia
mc.drugxl.com;DrugXL
skykingdommc.mymc.io;SkyKingdom
play.acadiamc.net;AcadiaMC
play.dauntlessmc.com;DauntlessMC
mc.monometric.net;MCMMN
mc.DeadpoolGaming.com;DeadpoolGaming
play.criticalprisonmc.com;Critical Prison
ipvp.ddns.info:25568;IronPVP - |Factions|Need staff|32 Slots|
play.outpostmc.com;Outpostmc Pixelmon
Practice-PvP.Net;Practice-PvP Network
173.224.125.19:31765;The Server
GolemMc.mcph.co;GolemMc
192.210.236.24:25665;Pixelized
96.127.135.58;DiamondCommunity
74.143.154.6;Villager Gaming
prisonempire.hosthorde.net;PrisonEmpire
obsidiandistrict.mcph.co;ObsidianDistrict
108.170.15.242;ForceEdge
mc.destinylegion.com;DestinyLegion
omegarealm.com;omega realm
mc.drugcraft.net;The DC Network
vapormc.co;VaporMC
31.214.199.123;Heros Kingdom
play.diggycraft.tk;DiggyCraft
mc.vertualcraft.com;VertualCraft | Factions | PvP | Semi-Op
162.244.167.71;DesperateFun
23.252.118.164;UniquePrison
kpvp.pw;kPvP
CookieHub.us.to;CookieHub
pandacraft.de;PandaCraft
elitepvp.ml;ElitePvP
emnetwork.mcserver.ws;Exotic Motion Network
play.bootypvp.com;BootyPvp Factions
SURPG.us.to;Stardustcraft
213.239.202.156:25581;WolfenCraft
Benie117.mcph.co;BenCraft Realms
192.99.147.86:25599;TheHorse&Saddle
198.24.185.74:31965;MCPlaza
EvolvedFaction.Beastmc.Com;EvolvedFaction
play.mcsimply.com;SimpleSurvival
tricksterrepublic.mpgs.us;Tricksterrepublic
198.20.77.234:26146;DreamScape
wingnut.serverminer.com;Wingnuts
198.143.146.251:25877;IceCraft
198.143.150.19;BlockvsBlock
bandalicraft.net;BandaliCraft Network
srpvp.com;free OP please join
play.knight.us.to;Knight Network
mc.eternalcraft.com;Eternal Craft
203.57.45.80;AusFacs
play.zunamc.com;ZunaMC.com
72.46.129.202:25788;BHDMMWH Minecraft
play.taterland.org;taterland
mc.ratio.lv;Hostland
multiverse.hosthorde.net;Multiverse Network
184.95.50.178:45962;Swe-Mc
norsemines.duckdns.org;The Norsemines
77.111.238.181;BatCraft
185.38.148.88:25586;Factions
198.49.69.3:25737;CraftedSwords
play.evolvedpvp.net;EvolvedPvP Network
62.141.42.151:25877;SerriCraft
play.shiftclickgaming.org;Shift Click Gaming SMP
play.brutal-dimension.net;Brutal-Dimensions
72.46.136.202:26354;Factions Server
BukkitFAQ.de;BukkitFAQ
mc.teampixelcraft.net;TeamPixelCraft
zdmcraft.com;ZDMCraft
mc.death-sentence.com;Death Sentence - Survive for longer
mc.eternumcraft.com;Eternum RPG
192.99.44.2:25608;masterxjew90
Offline.PowerFul-MC.Net;Offline / Cracked PowerFul-MC Network
play.alphacraft.nl;AlphaCraft
104.219.1.231;Helix Factions
cubestory.de;Cubestory.de Vanilla Server
198.20.68.3;paradise-factions
209.148.93.31:25572;TroopCraft
104.218.100.63:25566;CookieCraft
play.mcbattle.club;Mc Battle Network
69.195.134.15;Yes Craft
kingcobweb.serveminecraft.net;kingcobweb
factions.nitrous.it;SpexGamingUk
bacanospt.verygames.net;BacanosPT
afriendlyserver.no-ip.org;a friendly server
185.38.148.98:25606;NeonCraft
techcraft.uk.to;TechCraft OP Prison
134.255.220.200:25464;Danielfilm-Server
play.nexus-pvp.com;NEXUS PVP
ipvp.ddns.mobi:25568;IronPVP - |Factions|24/7|Need staff|
216.172.107.248;Pure Vanilla
mc.badlion.net;Badlion
mc.athapix.net;Athapix Network
play.punchbangmc.tk;PunchBangMc
64.31.50.131;Kahn Craft|Fun Players|New|StaffWanted
magar.hopto.org;Magars Prison
play.forsakennetwork.net;Forsaken-Network
pvp.ghostkraft.net;GhostKraft
142.4.217.111:25711;The Manly Spartan Server
PVP.SC;Imperial Networks
37.187.141.64:26062;SlimeCraft Faction PvP
us.playanthera.net;Gates of Anthera
Tanarcraft.mcnode.net;Witchery Server
lootplays.tk;LootCraft
185.38.149.41:25592;ZestPvP
tritonnetwork.funserver.org;Triton Network
hdpixel.us.to:25745;HD Pixel
us.mineplex.com;ipcrafter
108.170.5.66:25645;Slime Network Towny
mc.eclat.lv;mc.eclat.lv
162.244.165.101:25588;TritonCraft
cookieuniverse.mcph.co;Cookie-Universe
tigercraft.sbplay.nl;TigerCraft
JulianacanMC.dtdns.net;JulianacanMC
play.crucialmc.com;CrucialMC
192.95.20.153;Killer Faction PVP
play.acepvp.me;AcePvP
us.MineBlade.com;MineBlade
mc.quarkfactions.es;Quark Factions
mc.karmaprison.com;AeriumPrison
goldenarmy.serverminer.com:26311;Golden Army
162.244.164.41:29708;AncientyCraft 
Play.MineCart.NL;MineCart
85.236.101.132:28165;mulitcraft
mc.vikingmc.eu;Viking MC Survival Factions  SkyPvP
smashpvp.desirehost.net;SmashPvP
198.20.111.184;Epiccraft
mc.liquid-mc.com;LiquidMC 
hostileprison.beastmc.com;Hostile Prison 3
192.210.229.81;SuperiorCraftPVP
167.114.101.146:25592;SurvivalMC
AtomikCraft.mcph.co;AtomikCraft
project-generation.no-ip.org;Project_Minecraft Generation
192.99.21.121:26995;12 Survival
cray.ddns.net;Cray.ddns.net
37.228.137.74;EnderTNT
singaming.com:25566;Singaming Pixelmon
167.114.106.38;ArcadiaCraft
192.99.44.2:25590;MediCraft
play.velocity-mc.com;Ruby & Titi only
mc.goldspark.net;GoldSpark Network
minecraft.beschdah.com;DolphinCraft Needs Staff
185.38.148.23:25606;Survival Craft
play.blockstermc.com;BlocksterMC - 50 off sale
192.95.37.203;McRaid
JandJNetwork.beastmc.com;JandJFactions
play.agoragaming.net;Agora Gaming Network | Earn Real Money
build.pandorasblocks.net;Pandoras Blocks
192.95.20.153;Killer Faction PVP
UberMC.net;UberMd
play.breakoutmc.com;BreakoutMC
minecraft.beschdah.com;Skyland PvP Looking For Staff
37.187.143.226:41216;FantasyGaminG PVP events kits
66.85.149.210:33581;Classic Craft
s16.hosthorde.com:25982;DarkCraft
PVP.beastfactions.net;factions
s7.hosthorde.com:25658;Atomic Legends
mc.minotechsol.com;Survival With Friends
198.24.162.107;VillageNetwork
mcfreakoutpvp.tk;FreakOutHUB
exile.mcserver.me;Exile - Test
mc.overplay.ro;Mc.OverPlay.RO 
pvp.bukkit.nl;Nyx Factions
185.38.149.57:25601;ShonCraft
Play.Gear-MC.nl:25686;GearMC
185.4.149.32:25588;DiamondCraft
streetcraft.zapto.org;Streetcraft RPG
inkdcraft.mymc.io;Inkd Craft
198.24.164.74:34034;SMP
play.youpvp.org;YouPvP
73.208.122.246;MiniCube
play.pokeblitz.com;PokeBlitz
mc.arcanepvp.net;ArcanePVP Minecraft Server
167.114.65.207:25665;Colossal Craft
scriptinglegacy.cr.rs;ScriptingLegacy
initianovamc.com;InitiaNova
stronghold.8s.nl;Stronghold Paintball
play.heroesofutopia.com:25875;Heroes of Utopia
Play.RayzorPvP.Net;RayzorPvP
toecraft.mooo.com;ToeCraft
184.95.35.194:44672;BrickSquad
sv.mcgroove.net;Mcgroove Semi-Vanilla
23.235.232.84:29359;Terrestrial Realms
mc.frankgroeneveld.nl;Franks Minecraft Server
46.105.111.32:26822;TeamRandomsPVP
play.spectracraft.eu;Spectracraft
mc13.fadehost.com:26067;spritemc need staff
parijscraft.bukkit.nl:26038;Parijs Craft
EN-Hub.net:25567;EclipseNetwork
mc.towncraft.tv;TownCraft
mc.imprisoned-craft.com;Imprisoned Craft
192.99.44.2:25682;Politicraft
FatalityPvP.net;Fatality Prison
192.95.46.27;CivilianCraft
209.188.12.114:25982;CookieCraft
mc.bluetor.ch;BlueTorch
198.24.175.219;Minecraft All Out War
23.235.233.73;RibboPVP
Infamous.ml;Infamous factions
192.99.20.83:30707;DigitCraft Minecraft Server (hosted)
mc.rezcraft.net;RezCraft
play.minesane.net;Minesane
mc.legion-craft.net;Legioncraft
play.novaprison.net;NovaPrison
198.27.118.67;Bettendorf Prison
play.legionpvp.us;LegionNetwork
173.199.75.169;Earocraft
mc.aceous.org;The Aceous Network (MC)
join.theendlessnet.uk;The Endless Network
mc.css.setti.info;Setti Minecraft
188.165.236.13:25711;aquahorsefaction
grundgruvan.se;GrundGruvan
192.99.98.222:26064;MineGames
159.8.75.36:55041;BlockMiner
eempire.org;Ecstasy Empire
us.mineplex.com;mineplex
185.38.148.46:25601;YorkieChaserCraft
eu.mineplex.com;MOD Node - Not open yet
scriptinglegacy.cr.rs;ScriptingLegacy
mc.simplesurvival.me;Simple Survival
fluxprison.ddns.net;FluxPrison
townnet.mcpro.co;Townnet
pvp.goldenleaf-mc.com;Golden PvP 
oceanicraft.beastmc.com;OceaniCraft
Tributepvp.servegame.com;TributePvP
play.myrunia.ml;Myrunia
minedroid.chickenkiller.com;Minedroid
himni.se;HIMNI.SE
192.99.21.75:26714;The Crafting Club
mc.ktsgaming.org;KTSGaming
play.TitaniumRealms.net;Titanium Realms
us.mineplex.com;Mineplex
Hero-Prison.com;Hero Prison
104.37.29.27:26156;The Kitten Domain
play.minecraftchampions.com;Minecraft Champions
platycast.com:25567;Platycast
199.202.218.208;McCurryMinecraft
Play.FantasyRealms.Net;FantasyRealms
play.planet-pvp.us;Planet-Pvp
hygate.mcph.eu;Hygate
play.farlandsmp.com;The Farland Network
89.40.105.130;TdP Minecraft Server
maxcraft.us;MaxCraft
FabulousCraft.beastmc.com;FabulousCraft
minecraft14.omgserv.com:11076;Damn near Vanilla Tribute
87.61.152.232;Baconserver
Forever-Teams.tk;ForeverTeams
a.ngel.ru;Angels Frozen server
play.mclegendcraft.com;McLegendCraft
play.mclegendcraft.com;McLegendCraft
GS52.swifthosting.dk:25596;NightKings
brocraftlive.net;Brocraft Live
quartzserver.tk;QuartzMC
chemcraft.beastmc.com;Chem Craft
162.245.1.53;BCNetwork
play.webtex.be;Webtex
72.46.139.11;HonorMc
TheNexusMc.net;Thenexus
wyverncore.no-ip.org;Wyverncore
198.20.127.81;Myction
tributepvp.servegame.com;Tribute PvP
infinitycraft.playat.ch;InfinityCraft
play.slaughterhousepvp.com;SlaughterHouse
192.99.44.2:25682;PolitiCraft
TheRedStoneGamingNetwork.mcph.co;The RedStoneGaming Network
198.24.150.174;Virtus PvP
pvp.beastfactions.net;BeastFactions
mc.killerbunnygaming.com;KillerBunnyGaming
7cislands.mcph.co;7cisland
119.252.191.66;Ionios Survival
23.94.121.8;Paradox Factions
167.114.106.41;Legacy Factions
shadowprison.beastmc.com;Shadow Prison Server
50.7.229.10:26963;Fate Sword Network
play.crypticprison.org;Cryptic Prison 
mc1.ghsgaming.com;GHSG - Direwolf20
powerprison.hosthorde.net;PowerPrison
buildersparadisemc.net;Builders Paradise
neogc.net;NeoGC
diamondspace.mcph.co;DiamondSpace
briannakings.com;briannakings
FlyingCraft.net;FlyingCraft
sithalive.no-ip.biz;EnderCraftNetwork Events coming soon
198.24.171.162:30105;GlowStoneCity
play.audrugsurvival.com;AU Drug Survival
Clancraft.beastmc.com;Clancraft
mc.rbprison.com:25567;Rainbow Prison
creeperzero.mcph.co;CreeperZero
play.melonpan.info;MelonPanCraft
fcraftsurvival.mcph.co;FCraftSurvival
theredculture.a2g.gs;The Red Culture
66.85.149.210;Quick Network
rivalfactions.serveminecraft.net;Rival Factions
mc.ferociouspvp.com;FerociousPvP
192.254.79.229;Lux In spelunca
s47.hosthorde.com:25992;RaidCraft
185.56.136.208:26548;ElsFrost
217.79.182.78:26074;PowdarrGaming
167.114.102.176:25593;NewBlockEnvy
strohhut-mafia.de;Strohhut Mafia Minecraft Server
198.178.122.76:25942;Hulu Craft
fadedprison.net;Faded Prison
185.28.188.151:56534;MPDNT
play.uniquecraft.net;UniqueCraft
Play.EquinoxPrison.org;Equinox Prison Needs Staff
bamcraft.mcplay.nl;bamcraft
162.252.10.226;MetroCraft
eu.wazcraft.net;WazCraft
192.99.21.72:25802;InfernoPvp
darknightmarepve.com;Dark Nightmare PvE 
SpeedRealms.com;SpeedRealms
198.24.150.174;Virtus PvP
volcaniccraft.sytes.net;Volcanic Craft
218.214.3.87;Vanaadin Prison
mc.BetaBlocksMC.net;BetaBlocksMC
mxnetwork.me;MXNetwork
184.95.42.170:26152;FCraftSurvivalSRC
no1minecraft.com;Minecraft Survival
play.MyekaanCraft.com;MyekaanCraft Towny
play.mclegit.com;MCLegit
play.icyuniverse.com;The Cobble Network
mc.elemasters.com;Elemasters
mc-epk.mine.nu;EPK games
pnx.mcph.co:56339;Phoenixcraft
siriusminecraft.mooo.com;Sirius Minecraft
destroycraft.g-s.nu:25603;EmpireCraftLatino
mc-anura.de;Anura
funtimewow.mcph.co;funtimewow
play.nukecraft.net;Nukecraft
mc.loljo.com:25602;Loljo
kingplex.com;KingPlex
play.op-fac.us;Collision Network
77.111.252.32;HardHG
mc.brenzblock.com;Brenz Block
Mecca.ga;MeccaPvP
192.99.47.118;PokeEmpire
play.templarpvp.com;TemplarPVP
Play.Wc-Mc.Com;WreckedCrusade
lackofcows.com;Lack of Cows
thewombat.tk;The Wombat Op Prison
minerax.de;fsadfat43wDAF
mc.rezcraft.net;RezCraft
162.245.0.46;RenoCraft
184.171.173.50:25612;SquidCity
mc.shadowsurvival.org;Shadow Survival
108.170.23.98:44937;TSUFactions
mc.diquemc.com;Dique MC
192.99.45.103;GoldenCraft-Pixelmon
Play.DefinedMC.com:25768;DefinedMC
198.27.97.87;Prizmatik Realms Drug Server
withercraft.de;WitherCraft
watchcraft.mcplay.nl;WatchCraft
146.0.43.9:25606;Funkheaven
mc-freedomcraft.com;FreedomCraft
performancehq.us;PerformanceHQ
prisonempire.hosthorde.net:26101;Prison Empire
107.6.137.138:39343;SurvivalBuild
99.198.120.93;HakonLee
infinity.on.vg;Infinity
99.198.120.93;HakonLee
getcrafted.org;Get Crafted
craftion.serveminecraft.net;Craftion
76.72.175.61:25746;Towny Survival
Node53.Minecrafted.net:25746;Towny Survival 2
Node53.Minecrafted.net:25746;Towny survival 3
185.16.84.108:25665;25 to Life
ograids.net;OGRaids
globcraft.com;globcraft
SupremeCells.com;SupremeCells
SAOGaming.beastmc.com;SAOGaming
162.245.0.46;RenoCraft
MC01.buddyboxhosting.com:25660;just fore fun
play.cb-f.net;Best Towny Server
play.survivalmc.net;SurvivalMC
pvp-kingscraft.mcph.co;Kingscraft
198.24.177.66:43378;The Fox Den
192.99.10.106:26252;NaturalCraft
64.74.111.81:25568;Juniper Craft
198.24.175.66:58217;Premium Block
167.114.100.45:25579;AdventureCraft
192.99.221.226;Craftacia
Warlordspvp.tk;Warlords PvP 
192.227.221.140;WorldZero
play.merkpvp.com;MerkPVP
infinite.cheesium.com;Infinite Cheesium Stays Alive
185.52.53.14;PickaxePVP
mygames.selfhost.eu;Raspberry Pi Server
KitPvP.PowerFul-MC.Net;KitPvP Server l 2 Free Kits l OP l
185.28.188.161;FayzePvP
thefinalcraft.nitrous.it;The Final Craft
timeofcraft.crystal-serv.com:25655;Time Of Craft
factions.dutchcraftservers.nl:25665;Dutchcraft Factions
51.254.243.133:25000;Eiserner Orden
66.85.150.10:27935;ElteCraft
192.99.20.90:30472;Empire of Ordin
ultrapvp.net;UltraPvP
play.myekaancraft.com;Myekaan
play.slayersurvival.net;SlayerSurvivial
192.95.30.85:25636;CheemoPlaysMC
23.94.150.75;Presidential Raids
mc.DarkCreeper.com;Dark Creeper
play.ferociouspvp.net;Ferocious
novusnetworks.nn.pe:25594;Novus Networks
184.95.34.98:55727;GlitchMC
198.24.150.170:25835;OG-Wars
mcmb.mcnode.net;MCMB Factions
5.255.85.215:26120;AeroduQuest
castellon-realms.mcpro.co;Castellon Realms
69.175.97.10:27167;Dads Fantastic Fun Zone
holyakcraft.beastmc.com;HolyakCraft
134.255.232.49;PVP Craft
hub.mineplex.com;plop
LynxPrison.info;Lynx Prison
play.witchcraftmc.com:26036;WitchCraftMC
play.arklecraft.com;ArkleCraft
frozenlegendpvp.me:26237;Frozen Legend Pvp
pvp.worlddominationmc.net;World Domination - Factions PVP
play.hollyweed-minecraft.com;Hollyweed Minecraft
mc.espartagamerclan.com;Esparta Gamer Craft
fop.us.to;FreedomOp
198.20.77.234;MCFactionPros
GommeHD.net;Skeletocraft mit doppelt x
infinity-network.eu;Infinity Network
mc.pvptm.com;PvPTM
46.253.196.85:25665;GalaxyNetwork
mc.mineblitz.net;Harrison
159.8.75.39:38530;TorchBox
play.the-skyblock.com;The-Skyblock
mc.clubobsidian.com;The Empire
applesurvival.crystal-serv.com:29320;AppleSurvival
play.blacklotuspvp.com;Blacklotuspvp
mc.wolfencraft.net;WolfenCraft
krypticvoid.fluctis.com;KrypticVoid
miningminersunited.com;Mining Miners United - Network
play.ultroncraft.com;UltronCraft
198.50.212.154;Techro Alfheim
royaltyfactions.com;Royalty Factions
TropicalMines.com;Tropical Mines
playinvictus.com;Invictus
OlympusCraft.cu.cc;OlympusCraft
mctowny.mcph.co;MC Towny
mc.universalpvp.net;Universal PVP
chaotickits.com;Chaotic Kits
mc.aliacraft.net;aliacraft
pixelmon.crowgaming.org;CrowGaming Pixelmon 3.4
198.27.97.87;Prizmatik Realms Needs LOTS of Staff
23.95.34.143;MaxCraft
192.99.45.127:25824;GB Revival
mc.nolifer.net;NoLifer
5.196.255.111;Dango
play.8bitgaming.co;8Bit Gaming
23.235.235.51;WorgenPvP
play-dc.com;Dc
simple-craft.de:25564;Simple-Craft
185.16.84.103:25665;youplaycraft
mc.cubebeaters.net;CubeBeaters
siriusminecraft.mooo.com;Sirius Minecraft
mc.hazehollow.com;Haze Hollow
Tcnetwork.mcpro.co;TcNetwork
hub.mineplex.com;plop plop
107.167.90.246;Horse-N-Saddle
play.fearmc.net;FearMC Network
Anethum.us;Anethum
mc.destination-gaming.com;Destination Gaming
167.114.102.147:25653;RaidSheep
85.114.141.183;MTGcraft - Network
FuriousNetwork.Net;FuriousNetwork
172.245.25.163;Narcosis
dcs.sytes.net;DCS
162.218.116.219;TheGoldMine
89.40.105.139;Mc.Mevid.Ro
nicodim.beastmc.com;Nicodim
minevilla.no-ip.org;minevilla 
198.24.185.34:52605;TurnMCraft
66.85.184.34;Gage and ricky
frozenwarrior.ggserv.co;Server Of The Frozen Warriors Of Death
us.minedrixmc.com;Minedrix Minigames
192.99.200.210:25852;BBMC
23.235.233.64:54155;DevCraft Op Fraction
23.94.150.75;Presidential Raids
landquest.rayfall.net;Land Quest
cococraft.nuclearfallout.net;CocoCraft
Play.MegaRealms.Com;MegaRealms
70.71.177.125;6o4 Craft
darktech.mcpro.co;darktech
mc15.fadehost.com:25573;Free Op Server
play.thelastofcraft.com;The Last Of Craft
play.immortalrealms.com;Immortal Realms - Factions
lethaticraft.no-ip.biz;LethatiCraft
OreCraft.Net;OreCraft Network
sithalive.no-ip.biz;EnderCraftNetwork Open and New
ardopia.hosthorde.net:25659;Ardopia
198.27.67.225:26008;Voyage MC
75.102.40.248:25665;BlobCraft
powerninja101.mcpro.co;The Power Miner Server
prison.frozencraft.com;Frozencraft
insomnia-gta.tk;Insomnia-GTA
dawnverse.org;Dawnverse
192.99.38.164:26721;Imperator Minecraft
s49.hosthorde.com:25882;Feed Your Beast FTB Infinity
Jovincraft.mcalias.com;Jovin craft
far-craft.club;FarCraft
DomiCraft.mcph.co;DomiCraft Parkour
Play.MatrixPvP.Me;MatrixPvP
s27.hosthorde.com:26066;Kingdom of Aer
66.85.167.178:57083;StrawberryCraft
ArrowMC.beastmc.com;ArrowMC
SmugglePrison.net;SmugglePrison
PlexCraft.g-s.nu;PlexCraft
neongaming.mcpro.co;Neon Gaming
81.30.152.84:26097;RedemptionPvP
play.enacraft.com;ENAcraft
play.kingdommc.com;KingdomMC
dreamland.mcph.eu;dream land survival
198.12.126.71;InfectionZ
play.furiouspvp.net;FuriousPvP
192.99.20.81:25907;HypeCraft
S25.hosthorde.com:26033;ZelotCraft
play.mysteriarealms.com;Mysteria Realms | Roleplay Server
play.slyfyre.com;SlyFyre
Play.GalacticaPrison.com;Galactica Prison
198.20.68.3;ParadiseFactions
FractalNetwork.org;FractalNetwork
craftersrealm.servegame.com;Crafters Realm
mc.lindegaard.one;Yggdrasil - The universe of Lindegaard
37.187.144.76:25638;Potato Craft
JiChraft.de;JiChraft
play.vulcannetworks.uk;VulcanNetworks
blazecraft.mcnode.net;BlazeCraft
mc.pacepvp.com;PacePvP
mc.retrinity.com;Retrinity
46.4.90.169:25567;flytime
192.99.149.167:25771;SwiggsWars
mc.eldercraft.de;ElderCraft | Reallife | Mittelalter
play.zetacraft.net;ZetaCraft
mc.CreeperStone.net;SkyBlock CreeperStone.net
213.136.78.154:25775;ArabRedStonePvp
37.228.137.45;FreebuildCraft Laggfrei
mc.mscrew.de;Mscrew | Logon-Server.de
109.169.58.86;The Legit Gaming Server
188.40.108.16:25590;KitCraft
play-skywars.tk;SkyWars
185.38.149.35:25603;Factions
130.180.201.229:33695;Ghost Dimensions Looking for staff
play.pvpnetworks.net;PvPNetworks
Mc-Quest.mcpro.co;Stone-PvP
play.dawd1.com;Bosscraft
aoanetwork.net;Adventure Network
deathlands.mcserver.ws;Deathlands
168.1.74.11:46947;ryno0612s big dig server
s5.hosthorde.com:25834;UniCub
mc.arkhamnetwork.org;Arkham Network
mc.ov-gaming.com;Ocean View Gaming - Minecraft
build.mcmiddleearth.com;Minecraft Middle Earth
play.shirecraft.us;ShireCraft
prison.laponica.ca;Laponica Prison
craftmonster.serverminer.com;Craft Monster
mythicalsheep.us;Mythical Sheep
mc.ploxpvp.net;PloxPvP
play.kioticpvpnetwork.net;KioticPvP Factions
37.187.150.162:25785;Seaside Craft
37.59.130.170;CreativeCraft 
31.214.240.228:20150;MC-Live
divinesmp.nitrous.it;Divine Towny
192.99.200.165:25894;Grand Theft Mine Theft
5.255.85.211:26133;Faction
CookieHub.us.to;CookieHub
95.141.37.37:25570;minetec2020
play.titanmc.net;Titan MC
CheatON.pl;CheatON.pl
CookieHub.us.to;CookieHub
SvarogCraft.mcsp.tk:45372;SvarogCraft
78.129.230.121;BigBoysMc
CookieHub.us.to;CookieHub
46.250.117.60;tityoff
cakecity.mcpro.co:32160;Cakecity
play.hyperkraft.net;Hyperkraft Network (Factions)
DarkAtlantis.mcpro.co:28239;DarkAtlantis
37.187.148.199:29625;Scarina
BlockWars.eu;BlockWars
184.171.253.215;Brand New Server
skysmp.minecraftr.us;skysmp
play.evolvedfactions.com;EvolvedFactions
mc.rserver.co.uk;RServer | Survival and Plots |
216.244.85.146;PGaming
parinacraft.net;ParinaCraft
192.99.200.20:25581;Blumc 
CookieCreative.us.to;CookieHub
eu.mineplex.com;JCraft
prison.frozencraft.com;FrozenCraft Prison
85.236.100.70:26065;MultiCraft
192.99.150.134:25989;UniqueMines
mc.omnesty.com;Omnesty
mcserver.noip.me;Creative Outpost
lostisland.mcph.co;Lost Island
icepvpmc.net:55580;IcePvP
pigcraft.hosthorde.net;Pigcraft Advanced Survival
192.99.20.205:41047;DevotionPvP
192.99.147.128;Apex network
BDC.beastmc.com;BestDwarfCraft
198.24.163.106:43801;Endercraft
198.20.68.30;StyleCraft
uhc.vgbucket.com;UHC Survival 
Play.DynastyPrison.com;DynastyPrison
theglobefactions.mcserver.ws;The Globe
172.245.34.170;Milkville
lemusmx.serverminer.com;Andres Valadez
212.83.189.132:28799;KalaCraft
mc.landofthecrafters.com;Land Of The Crafters
GeneralPVP.net;TrinityMC
play.quartzmc.com;Quartz MC
play.mysticmc.mcserver.ws;MysticMC
77.111.252.130;GreeceEmpire
buildbylight.mcserver.ws;BuildByLight
dw20.gcraftminecraft.com;GCraft Minecraft - DireWolf20
198.23.148.214:25665;Merchants and Marauders
play-miniminerville.nitrous.it;Miniminerville
ThePrisonMC.net;ThePrisonMC
198.50.227.60;The Crows Nest
176.31.156.86:25886;Boxu
hub.cencraft.net;Cencraft
palmcraft.net;PalmCraft
play.imperialfactions.net;Imperial Factions
192.99.38.164:25730;MineCraft_Gallifrey 
hub.aserversmc.com;Aserversmc OP Prison
mythicmc.org;MythicMC
149.202.66.178:25720;ForgeFactions
dw20.thinkercraft.net:25931;Direwolf20 by ThinkerCraft Network
play.EGNetwork.net;EGNetwork
impactprison.com;ImpactPrison
24.20.32.253:32365;Truth
mc.spainpvp.com;SpainPvP
TheRave.mchost.no;TheRaveMC
68.146.49.70;Flamitory Gaming
pixelmonjade.mcserver.ws;PixelmonJade
37.142.220.137;CraftMinecraft
mc-fearpvp.net;FearPvP
mc.mta.thehybrix.net;Minecraft Transit Authority - MTA
eurogaming.minecart.nl:26064;EuroGaming
ZurviveMC.us.to;ZurviveMC
Cookietimemc.com;Cookietimemc
mc.merlinusparadoxum.com;Merlinus Paradoxum
169.249.170.51:25595;Comic Universe
claycraft.hosthorde.net;Clay-Craft
stormfirenetwork.com;StormFire Network
104.219.1.85;Gorillaz Craft
mc.shovelnetwork.co:61370;Shovel Network
168.1.74.14:49348;PlanetFactions
mc.megaprison.com;MEGAPrison
bacon-craft.ddns.net;Bacon Craft
server.elementanimation.com;Element Animation
BluemixMinecraft.4minecraft.de;Bluemix-Minecraft
mineraid.minecraft.gs;MineRaid
217.198.142.102;KappaCraft
play.callofcraft.net;Call of Craft
mc.b-zone.ro;B-Zone Minecraft Server
mc.xiquadrant.co.uk:25568;Xi Quadrant Sandbox - Custom Modpack
bethegoat.eu;BeTheGoat
198.24.171.162:57871;Soaring Shadows
usa.vm4game.com;VM4GAME Minecraft server
ZurviveMC.us.to;ZurviveMC
westerncraft.beastmc.com;WesternCraft
zirconpvp.net;ZirconPvP
37.59.30.23;life craft server
37.59.30.23:22222;dream place role play
play.elementpvp.net;my
G-Craft.nitrous.it;G-Craft
195.140.177.178;Shhh Home Server 1
Mc-SpeedCraft.Com;Mc-Speed.Com
5.10.110.101:42410;Beast Craft network
37.187.145.145:25629;OrbitCraft
96.43.133.42;Stumpcraft
Timbertools.joinmc.eu;TimberToolsMC
134.255.221.239:20000;MineGames
184.171.253.211;Crystal Factions
TheMCTeam.BeastMC.com;The Official Minecraft Team
ZurviveMC.us.to;ZurviveMC
ZurviveMC.us.to;ZurviveMC
ZurviveMC.us.to;ZurviveMC
198.23.207.237;Onondagacraft
199.202.218.182;Dragons Landing
minecraft.norgan.net;Norgz Minecraft Server - Sydney
PlasmaCraft.ddns.net;PlasmaCraft
5.196.78.156:25581;Kappacraft
uprison.mcserver.ws;Uras Prison
5.135.200.49;KamakaziCreeper BETA
185.30.164.67:26565;Red Line Minecraft
OreCraft.Net;orecraft red
smp.torch-craft.net;Torch-Craft Network
Generalpvp.net;generalpvp
epic-kingdom.join-srv.net:25858;epic-kingdom
130.180.201.231:25773;Deezeys server
5.196.131.165;Arcantizs Arcade
xero.ml;XeroPvP
devouringskies.beastmc.com; Minecraft Devouring Skies
188.165.254.226;City
tba.mc-srv.com:26040;The Block Architecture
play.Mythcraftpvp.com;MythCraft Network
mc.somnusrealms.com;Somnus Realms
server1.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
69.175.118.2;LaloxPvP
forbiddenmining.zapto.org;ForbiddenMining
mc.blockface.co;Blockface
198.12.95.113;RazeCraft PvP  Griefing Raiding PvP
play.legitlegendsmc.com;LegitLegends
zapcraftinferno.nitrous.it:25587;ZapCraftInferno
198.50.133.104;Erebor
endernexus.net;EnderNexus
167.114.103.186:36270;Varden Galaxy
31.214.240.46;Megalight
Diggers-Dream.mcph.co:54830;Diggers-Dream
zerorealms.mcnode.net;ZeroRealms
176.227.192.34;Thrival
192.99.21.47:25592;Clutch Factions
play-skywars.tk;SkyWars
crackpack.wytozcraft.eu;WytozCraft CrackPack 2.0.3.0
monsterfactions.org;MonsterFactions
195.140.177.178:25595;Shhh Home Server 2
g-kraft.tk;G-Kraft
hub.cencraft.net;Cencraft Network
37.187.89.34;Labonnefranquette
vcsurvival.com;VanillaCraft
creepernation.beastmc.com;Creeper Nation
compix.nitrous.it;COMPIX Survival 
198.49.66.85;Lagitcraftia 
mc.evolutionraids.com;Evolution Raids
192.99.47.48:26957;Fatesword Skyblock
mc.quiverlandpvp.net;QuiverLandPvP
server2.konsider.com;Friendly Survival Creative and Games
162.244.165.31:55415;KookiCraft
darkstonecraft.ddns.net;DarkStoneCraft
onondagacraft.BeastMC.com;Onondagacraft
FcMinecraft.Net;Factions | FcMinecraft
plexraid.eu;PlexRaid
s.pixelspree.net;PixelSpree
server3.konsider.com;Friendly Survival Games and Creative
162.255.214.7:25595;Purgeville - Towny
162.244.165.161:53506;KortaCraft
37.187.153.8:26955;stakcraft
23.239.132.108:25570;InfiniteCraft
23.252.117.3;GlitchinMc need staff
brick-playmc.mcph.co;Brick Network
192.99.21.216:27293;The Crusades
pixxelated.mcpro.co;PixelCraft
server4.konsider.com;Survival Games and Creative Server
craftscapev2.ddns.net;Craftscape_V.2
198.12.95.113;RazeCraft PvP   Factions  Griefing
arsenalpvp.mymc.io;Arsenal PVP
rangersunited.mcpro.co;Rangers United
Play.LightPrison.Com;LightPrison
pandovercity.mymc.io;Pandover City
155.254.31.22;SmiteCraft
mandm.mcph.co;MandM
eu.play.intelycmc.com;Intelyc
prison.energizedmc.net;EnergizedPrison
178.248.200.34:25669;Retro-Craft
hub.resortcraft.net;Resortcraft
mc.arcticminecraft.net:30014;NovaNetwork
play.darcecraft.com;asdff
185.38.148.25:25605;Golden Minigames
showmc.mchost.no;ShowMC
198.143.139.71;Insane Factions / PvP
mcfunny.zapto.org;FunnyCraft 2.0
69.195.134.111;011craft
play.scortexmc.com;ScortexMC
play.respirationrealm.com;RespirationRealm
mc.ov-gaming.com;Ocean View Gaming
nextcraft-mojang.net;NextCraft
prison.jc5599mc.me;JC5599 OP Prison
shockingpvp.gamename.net:25933;ShockingPVP
pinchcraft.pw;PinchCraft
demonx.se;demonx
198.50.157.134;Ascension PVP
play.legendary-mc.net;Legendary-MC Network
Olimpo.me;olimpocraft
emserversmc.beastmc.com;EM Minecraft Faction PvP
server.the-walls.de;the walls
184.154.200.2;Carpe Noctem
server5.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
198.50.157.134;Ascension PVP
167.114.65.207:25665;Colossal Craft
198.50.157.134;Ascension PVP
chile.atom-craft.com;peter21_
play.craftycreeper.com;The Crafty Creeper - Anti Grief/Economy
CrypticPvP.org;Aidan Wallace
mc.aeonnetwork.com;Aeon Network
blazenetworkcitycraft.mcph.co;Blaze Network CityCraft
ForeverPvP.beastmc.com;ForeverPvP
mc.tripmc.org:25665;TripMC
mc.acercraft.com;AcerCraft
forceraid.tk;ForceRaid
play.wincraft.de;WinCraft
mc.exohub.net:25776;Exohub
198.50.193.11;Immersive Survival
mc.enderplanet.com;Ender Planet
play.diversemc.net;DiverseMC
Stasma.com;Stasma
mc.HuntsCraft.uk.to;HuntsCraft
192.187.118.90:25571;PandemicNetwork
lightning-craft.com;Lightning-Craft
mc.ferusprison.com;Ferus Prison
olympus.duckdns.org;AuroraCraft
mcbc.eu;BrothercraftSMP
Minersnetwork.net;Minersnetwork
play.yencraft.net;yencraft
xenonia.mcfrag.net;Xenonia
play.baecraft.net;BAE Craft MC
mythicfactions.mcph.co;Mythic Factions
minechat.town;MineChat Official Server
simplefactions.no-ip.org;Simple Factions
Elementcrafting.mcpro.co;ElementCrafting
Mc.seangum.com;The Diamond Crafters
198.23.206.252;LKG Pixelmon
mctrees.ddns.net;mctrees
play.night-z.com;Night-Z
162.248.78.114;Crowd Control Gaming
75.102.46.68;FugaziCraft
198.24.175.50:26294;Four Seasons
EnderTeam.nitrado.net;EnderTeam TR
mc.refinecraft.net;RefineCraft
crafty-survival.net;Crafty
us.lichcraft.com;testserver
flummisuniverse.beastmc.com;Flummis Universe
atraxia.beastmc.com;Atraxia
play.hextechmc.com;HexTech MC
play.skylegion.info;SkyLegion SkyBlock
a1craft.com;a1craft.com
192.99.21.64:25789;Minedex
cmb.beastmc.com;CraftMineBeyond
server6.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
167.114.102.222;Baconists
hyhuga.beastmc.com;Hyhuga
185.52.53.130;TR-Gaming-TR
server7.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Creative Server
75.102.27.38:25595;Inner City Gaming
ZeltixIsland.beastmc.com;ZeltixIsland
37.187.79.41:25732;Sodocraft/Kit-PvP
108.45.143.141;Pixelbruh
185.38.148.43:25610;Minnercraft
85.131.236.121;Helius Craft
198.24.165.2:26218;Triangle smp
airwalkpvp.net;Airwalk OP
play.packfactions.com;The Pack Factions
enderrealms.mcph.co;Ender Realms
stickpvp.mcph.co;StickPvP
WolfNation.lhmc.net:25593;WolfNation
server8.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
Play.WrathPVP.com;WrathPVP.com
play.purgepvp.net;Purge PvP
198.50.201.247:25566;MedievalPvp
192.99.149.167:25709;Shadowrift Survival
69.27.127.243:25566;NoDiplomacy
craftone-server.tk;CraftOne
cc.beastmc.com;Crafty Castaways
192.99.201.99:25731;Cobalt Cove
redemptionmcraft.mcpro.co;RedemptionCraft
198.143.140.134;NeptunePVP
Fnaticpvp.com;Fnatic PvP
tntland.net;TnTLand
Skywars.cf;Skywars
Divicraft.gamename.net;Divicraft
Play.TwistedMC.org;Twistedmc.org
104.37.29.22;EnderShroom
TheGalazy.mcph.co:28415;The Galazy
play.crowgaming.org;CrowGaming Pixelmon
198.50.201.247:25566;ReverseGaming
quantumcraftmc.com;QuantumCraftMC
coracraft.net;Coracraft
server9.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
23.95.34.140;LandoftheWild
peevpee.com;peevpee
TheDimension.mc-srv.com;TheDimension
198.24.166.242:43342;The UprisingMC
mc.playfaction.com;PlayFaction
tribeswarfare.us.to;Tribes Discovery
humpcraft.com;Humpcraft
AlphaEmpire.BeastMC.com;Alpha Empire
KawaiiKraft.g-s.nu;KawaiiKraft
MC.WitherSpires.net;WitherSpires
192.198.205.37;Outcast Gaming Nation
172.245.34.190;MelonCraft
mc.cubedcraft.com;CubedCraft
167.114.102.205:25637;Clash Of Factions
142.4.206.53:26065;OreNetwork
play.MadSquid.net;MadSquid
mc.mmo-factions.net;MMO-Factions
192.3.46.140;PlatinumCraft
ranni.ca:55592;PvP4Me
jauntcraft.serverminer.com;JauntCraft
thetekknetwork.serveftp.com;TheTekkNetwork
server10.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
Minesaga.com;Minesaga
criliscraft.noip.me;CriLis Craft Survival
eu.minegrech.com;GCMc-Project - MineGrech
divicraft.gamename.net;divicraft
23.239.132.14;PabsCraft
162.244.165.174;Spearhead Gaming
play.qridmc.com;Qrid
Ranni.ca:55592;PvP4Me
188.165.94.66:25961;SpartanCraft
119.81.66.146:25862;Radex Network
play.shadowclash.net;ShadowClash
198.178.122.76:25906;VikingPVP
play.statiocraft.com;StatioCraft
play.squareskyserver.com;SquareSky 
162.248.78.114;Crowd Control Gaming - Factions
mc.alpacraft.com;alpacraft
5.255.85.208:26342;noobnetwork
mc.ghostrealms.net;Ghost Realms Network
s28.hosthorde.com:25746;Dubstep City
lucidmc.beastmc.com;Lucid MC
captainsquarters.mcpro.co;Captains Quarters
piecentral.mcpro.co;PieCentral
patrioticwalrus.mcph.co:49509;FrozenLand
themvgamerzone.com;TheMVGamerZone
play.MGCMC.net:58661;MGC Survival | No Grief | No Pvp
play.ruthlessraiders.com;RuthlessRaiders
MC.FrostNation.tk;MC.FrostNation.tk
192.99.21.72:25812;Steelcraft 2.0 
thespacemc.com;TheSpaceMC
192.187.109.2:25584;Aquaward Craft
wildpvp.org;WildPvP.org Prison
BloodCraftPvP.com;BloodCraftPvP Network
pvp.mystmc.net;MystMC PvP
sizzlepvp.com;sizzlepvp.com
162.255.214.6:25576;Imperial Nation
185.38.148.97:25606;KitPvP GoBananas
flamesnetwork.mcpro.co;Flames Network
embercraft.beastmc.com;EmberCraft
mysteria.mcpro.co;Mysteria Realms 
play.elementpvp.net;Free Minecrafts
play.crossvale.net;Crossvale
essenceofcreatures.hopto.org;Essence of Creatures
5.255.85.204:25874;MinePlace Network
dakkat.beastmc.com;Dakkat Craft
mc.endurethecraft.com;Endure the Craft
FyraFactions.com;Fyra Factions
mc.ausblock.com.au;AusBlock Community
tekkit.commander-craft.com:25550;Commander Craft Tekkit
prison.franklingaming.org;gkidedabeast
server.playfactions.nl;playfactions
play.diarch.org;Diarch
hub.thenexusmc.com;The Nexus
play.thecellmc.com;TheCell MC
167.114.102.222:25697;Percy Jackson Minecraft Roleplay
play.RisenMC.net;RisenMC
Red-StonePvP.mcph.co;RedStone PvP
109.169.58.68;Blentex NET
play.breakoutmc.us;BreakoutMC
us.latty.info;Latty.info
hub.evomc.co;Evolve Gaming
warptimegaming.mpgs.us;WarpTimeGaming Network
mc.poropvp.tk;PoroPVP
prison.comet-mc.us;Comet Prison
186.145.53.186;fastminecraft
play.ender-network.net;Ender Network
slampvp-factions.mcpro.co;SlamPVP Factions
198.24.169.74:30417;Arctic Network 
162.223.9.60;The Forbidden Core
192.99.38.43;Diamondslasher
pvpeternity.mcpro.co;EternityPvP Factions
pvp.thekickbox.net;The KickBox Network
192.99.38.21;The Custom Pack OP Prison Server
warrior-craft.mcph.co;Warrior Craft
pve.immortalrealms.com;Immortal Realms - Survival
176.31.142.69;TeamSurvival
192.95.46.21;WidowCraft
mcsun.minecraft.to;Sun Server
Spadecraft.uk.to;Spadecraft Network
pokecraftinfinity.mcserver.ws;PokeCraft Infinity
mcfserver.com;MCFServer
play.oblivionmc.co;OblivionMc
skittles.mcph.co;Crafters Hub
prxcraft.com;prxcraft.com
192.99.20.209:26973;Mine Al Cubo
pvplegend.beastmc.com;pvplegend
mc.viciouscirclemc.net;Vicious Circle
198.143.140.134;NeptunePVP
play.mclof.com:26086;League of Factions
play.aquaglowmc.com;AquaGlow
flarepvp.mcpro.co;Flare PvP
play.mnmc.us;MnemonicMC
142.4.204.26;ResiliantPvP
alpha.rcftb.eu;RCFTB Alpha
74.123.162.14;CyberWorld
185.38.148.216:25572;NexusEmpire
spineshank.mcph.co:33742;SpineShank
enderprison.mc-srv.com;EnderPrison
23.235.235.100:53176;TheFlamingIslands
yog.seriousservers.net:25569;Serious Servers
skyelite.eu;SkyElite.eu
mc4.speedgaming.pro:25615;#Minermaster
pancoonvillage.mcph.co;PancoonVillage
MC.LearCraft.TV;LearCraft
buildteamserver.mcph.co;BuilderTeam Server
warrior-craft.mcph.co;Warriorcraft
184.171.249.243;AmnesiaCraft.beastmc.com
luxempire.beastmc.com;LuxEmpire
72.46.129.178:25740;TrinityCraft
77.68.224.197;Aurora
insanepvp.factions.ws;InsanePVP
fotw.mcph.co;FOTW
198.23.207.232;EarthCraft
mc.chasingthehorizon.net;Chasing the Horizon
play.timetomine.net;Time to Mine
VortexFactions.qc.to:25714;Vortex Factions
play.athion.net;Athion Network
192.99.19.190:25780;KrayKray_Factions
77.250.132.43:60777;SlimeBlockCraft
lukranos.net;Lukranos
77.111.200.34;PixelmonArea
46.105.209.209;DanasFactionServer
play.mcanvil.net;LegendPvP
mc.blaze.lt;Lithuanin Minecraft Server
5.10.110.102:52323;MediCraft
vanguardmc.gameserv.co;Vanguard PvP
MineChamp.us.to:25735;MineChamp
Funcraft.slyip.net;Funcraft serveri FIN
bigtimehunts.beastmc.com;BigTimeHunts Mo Creatures
phoenix.factions.ws;PhoenixFactions
s34.hosthorde.com:25830;OverKill Factions
prometheusmc.mcph.co;Prometheus
play.fallen-bending.net;FallenAshes
23.235.230.154:37616;plugcraft
mc.vectrongaming.com;VectronGaming
pvp.curspex.net;Curspex Factions
outrageouspvp.net;OutrageousPvP
craftworldpvp.no-ip.org;Craftworld PvP 
23.235.233.80:65394;Euphoria Craft
75.134.25.102;AngelMinecraft
96.43.140.62;Joshs public server
blueplanetmc.game-server.cc;Blue Prank Radio Vanilla Minecraft
s.vomine.ru;Vomine
mc1.scrufdog.com;SCJ Minecraft Network
185.56.137.131;RagecraftPvP
mc.legalizedpvp.com;Legalizedpvp
play.lunarprison.org;LunarPrison
SwiftMC.Net;SwiftMC.Net
s46.hosthorde.com:26137;Poke Party Pixelmon Shiny Starter
88.150.146.59;Valkyrie Realms
31.214.226.180;Gargantia
185.56.136.200;Celestial
sithalive.no-ip.biz;EnderCraft network
167.114.16.32;Eclipse Craft
survival.aurora-vr.net:25566;Vanilla Experience Aurora-VR Survival
192.99.21.28:27608;Satarina Survival Server
IceBlock.mc-srv.com;IceBlock
108.60.192.184;plescraft
minecraft.binaryalchemist.org;Binary Alchemy
prismatowny.com;Prisma Towny
play.seadora.net:25939;Seadora
198.52.168.146;StrykaCraft
omc.hk;iMinecraft
37.59.134.176:25584;Legacy
mc.edgeplaysmc.tk;edgeplaysmc
server11.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
swagop.fadehost.com;SwagOp
sbgalaxy.mcph.co;Skyblock Galaxy
foa.mcserver.ws;FoA Minecraft Server
BubbleCraft.mcnode.net;BubbleCraft
185.38.149.40:25567;ParadoxiaCraft
mc.dustcraftmc.info;Dust Craft
letsplaymc.org;letsplaymc.org
mcminecraft.net;Mcminecraft
108.170.14.146;ToxicTimePvP.mcph.co
23.92.210.174;Forever Defeat
185.38.148.53:25573;SubCraft Prison
minecraft.frostdata.net;FrostData
188.165.227.227;Cardiff - Crafting Dead server
SinisterPrison.com;SinisterPrison
mc.fallcraft.com.br;FallCraft Factions
198.24.178.162:34533;Adventure craft
EliteMC.eu;EliteMC
srv58.minecraft-mania.fr:36217;Artancraft
mc.thelastlog.com;The Last Log Server
DezenseMC.com;DezenseMC
avic.us;Avicus
193.84.64.68;Lordcraft Worlds
mc.skylair.net;Sky Lair
192.99.39.111:25581;AvestPvP Factions
darkpower.mcpro.co;Dakpower
162.244.165.71:39105;Flint Network
mc.querdcraft.pl;QuerdCraft
swagop.fadehost.com;SwagCraft
mc.Friskmc.com;FriskMC
Play.oblivionmc.co;OblivionMC 
mc7.spillvert.no:26153;GameIsland
jogar.silentbrasil.com.br;Silent-Brasil
play.blockhero.net;BlockHero Network
link.minecraftnation.net;TecHub Network
216.55.177.243:25817;ZaphCraft
uberkawaii.eu;UberKawaii Ancient Greek God Craft
noiprasit.org;The Blockos Network
167.114.103.191:25985;Sixx Coven
162.244.164.1:63886;Banana Split Nation
5.135.8.192:26113;bosscraft
boomblockpvp.mcsoft.org;BoomBlockPvP 
s16.hosthorde.com:25887;Lvl4Gaming
play.crypticrealms.org;Cryptic Realms
play.arkonline.co;arkOnline
minescorch.mcalias.com:26083;MineScorch
play.SmashRoyale.com;SmashRoyale
s16.minespan.com:25571;The End of Minecraft
mc.abyssalforge.com;AbyssalForge
slasho.me;Hiros server
server12.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
mc.piratemc.com;PirateCraft
mc.piratemc.com;PirateMC
ImpulsePvP.info;Impulse PvP
185.38.148.25:25566;Your World
stars.hosthorde.net;StarsPVP
Play.CorruptedPvP.org;CorruptedPvP
login.stellaserver.xyz;stellaserver
176.31.241.137:62269;MooseMC
s4.hosthorde.com:25941;3.3.8 Grimcraft pixelmon
185.38.149.14:25594;DoughnutCraft
mc.minezrc.com;MineZRC Network
46.4.84.8:25588;BlitzCraft
Extraepicgaming.mcpro.co;ExtraEpicGaming
mc-minetrek.com;MineTrek
317.mcserver.org;Acheron Pixelmon (3.4)
play.embermc.eu;EmberMC
hub.aerisgaming.net;AerisGaming Factions
serveroffun.mcph.co;Kerbin City
play.powergaming.pw;PowerGaming
185.38.149.40:25567;Paradoxia
thelastofcraft.fadehost.com:27115;TheLastOfCraft
mc.knightsoftheblock.com;Knights of the Block
Hub.oblivionmc.co;OblivionMC  Beta testers needed
mc-mythoshia.net:25697;Mythoshia Land of the Gods
188.165.198.179;SunPvP
s46.hosthorde.com:26155;Pancake Craft
mc.nechron.net;Nechron
TitanCraft.dk;TitanCraft
azurikwars.beastmc.com;AzurikWars
202.78.153.118;kuakacraft need staff 
mineversum.ml;Mineversum
mc-projpi.zapto.org;ProjectPilot
MC.Spit-Fire.org;Spit-Fire Network
162.244.165.81:45889;CubeCraft
mc.VanillaStone.Tk;VanillaStone
142.4.218.205:25578;ColosseumPvP
s37.hosthorde.com:25809;TechCraft
play.endofdaysmc.com;End of Days
192.99.20.208:27611;VoidPvP
198.27.67.62:25673;GromsGaming
mc15.fadehost.com:25607;ChewyCraft
opcasuals.com:25566;OP Casuals Vanilla  Survival Server
rfreedom.fadehost.com;Rfreedom
play.havenmc.com;HavenMC
play.xenixcraft.com;XenixCraft
a6.lionhost.org:25577;SkrubWarriors
91.121.39.110:26365;ePvP - KitPvP and 1vs1
firecraft.mcph.eu;FireCraft   staff needed
158.85.102.107:62516;SomethingCraft
mc13.fadehost.com:26738;InvictaCraft
CityBuilder2014.minecraft.to;CB14
roammc.com;Roam
Eustarria.game.nfoservers.com;Eustarria
jogar.mc-combatgames.net;CombatGames
fac.uwrs.net;fac.uwrs.net
skypvp-mania.de;SkyPvP-Mania.de
pigolympics.mc-srv.com:25960;Pig Olympics
mc-minetrek.com;MineTrek Network 
play.diamondmmo.com;Diamond MMO - A Multiplay Server
162.255.214.249;NewfColony
minecraftlolo.no-ip.biz;Terrestra
play.exorath.com;The Exorath Network
195.140.177.178:25585;Shhh Home Server 3
mc.beastmc.uk;BeastMCUK Factions Server
edgeportparks.com;Edgeport Parks
Play.Anarcraft.Com;Anarcraft
magiclock.us;MagicLock
198.154.112.187;Reaver Gaming Flyboys
198.24.171.162:45368;The Mine Hut
108.170.52.37;EpicMC
play.spooner96.com;spooner96
Play-BlazeMC.mcpro.co;BlazeMC
mc-devilcraft.net;DevilCraft
WolfNation.lhmc.net;WolfNation Facitons
hellblock.org;Hellblock.org
play.goldenrealms.net;Golden Realms
cedgepvp.com;Raid Server
SyriaNetwork.net;SyriaNetwork
kpvp.pw;kPVP
direwolf20.digdigcraft.co.uk;DigDigCraft.co.uk
toxicpvp.mcph.eu;ToxicPVP
nextgenbuilders.no-ip.info;nextgenbuilders
mc.srm-craft.de;SRM-Craft
185.38.148.45:25599;Epsilon
185.38.149.14:25582;Smashcraft Prison
MineplexFactions.net;Official Mineplex Factions
Magix.gamename.net;MagixCraft
craftsnow.net;CraftSnow
151.80.156.86;SolarCraft
mc.ras-servers.com;RAS Servers
civ.minetexas.com;MineTexas Civcraft Server
37.187.146.16:26449;Minecraft Bullet Frenzy
play.mc-haze.com;Haze
184.164.151.82:58513;DTIs World
162.244.167.51:59075;Legendary Prison
167.114.100.112;LustPvP
us.survivalnationunleashed.com;Survival Nation Unleashed 4.0
play.oreskosmc.com;OreskosMC
69.175.36.45;Endercraft
play.thegameboxmc.com;The GameBoxMC
copeland.ddns.net;Copelandia Survival | Public | GP
mc.minevast.com;Minevast
mc.dragontechmc.com;DragonTechMC Survival
178.248.200.34:25669;Retro-Craft | Creative | SkyPvP
198.20.109.253;Geilomatisch
classicsurvival.beastmc.com;Classic Survival
play.maplecraftmc.com;Maplecraft
Hellblock.org;Hellblock
resiliantpvp.net;ResiliantPvP
limitedmc.net;TheHype
69.175.97.122:57332;ThermalCraft
play.meeko-pvp.com;MeekoPvP
digginpvp.beastmc.com;DigginPvP
mc.hurrikane.us;Hurricane MC
iceycraft.org;just using for test
5.255.85.211:26148;GFBOnline Factions 2.0
184.171.253.211;Hex Prison
play.ioqj.com;IO Quest Jupiter
mc.d-network.org;Dirt Network
pvp.craftworlds.net;CraftWorlds
184.107.253.14:25587;Chease MC
creeper.hopto.org;CreeperCraft
mc.raidkraft.net;Raidkraft
fr7.netherbyte.com:25677;SnoopyCraft
ftb.thedgclan.com:25569;Deadly Gaming D20 Test your limits
avengedmc.us.to;AvengedMC
185.57.189.44;Crimson Galaxy
mc.factiontech.com;FactionTech
LongliaCraft.minecraft-mania.fr;LongliaCraft
162.244.165.71:39105;FlintNetwork
Intox-MC.com;Intoxicated-MC
198.49.77.136;Pro PvP
108.170.22.58:63282;SpecialKspecials EcoSurvival
198.23.157.82;KingsCraft Minigames
optimal.beastmc.com;Optimal Factions
mc.MineSpire.net;MineSpire
mc.unnamedpvp.com;UnnamedPVP
creative.opticraft.net;Opticraft Creative
188.40.134.195;Genicraft
play.hydrowhub.com;Hydrow HUB
Evilwhale.dmch.nl:25678;The Evil Whale Minecraft Server
raidworld.eu;Raidworld
play.minegames.ms;MineGames
162.213.42.184:25810;BrickLayer
192.99.44.75:27039;MineSurge
Hellblock.org;Hellblock
Uberminecraft.net;Uberminecraft
198.23.247.132;The Lab Network
S-SSkyblock.mcph.co;Lemaria
chaos.knighterrantgames.net;Pure Anarchy PVP
mc.xtcr.net;xTcR Factions
play.zirconpvp.com;ZirconPvP
firecraft.mcph.eu;Firecraft We need players
play.phantomnetwork.co;PhantomNetwork
play.acepvp.me;AcePvP - Factions
shademc.com;ShadeMC
play.copicmc.com;CopicMC
gamebox.onmypc.net;GameBoxMC
skullarmy.mcpro.co;skullarmy
corrupting.no-ip.org;Corrupting Free Build
play.towncraft.us;towncraft
Play.op-fac.us;Collision Network
Play.PrisonVerse.com;PrisonVerse
162.213.42.186:25774;Stormwind
162.244.166.121:49381;Z-craft
37.187.167.191:41582;TheBrothersPvP
mc.mineplex.eu;EstonianCrafterzz
gnomecraft.mcalias.com;GnomeCraft
forgottenkingdoms.fadehost.com:26423;Forgotenkingdoms
207.115.95.66:2083;BlockParadise
orbiscraft.mc-srv.com:26123;OrbisCraft
matrixnetwork.mc-srv.com;MatrixNetwork
ruthlessnetwork.net;RuthlessNetwork
prison.lunar-network.net;Lunar Prison
192.99.34.180;Eclipse
Chaoticcraft.net;Chaoticcraft Factions Mcmmo & Crates
pvp-forsaken.com;ForsakenPvP
minecraft.cubicle12.com;Cubicle12
162.244.165.16;McRaidBros opest facion server ever
metroplex.mcpro.co:60334;MetroPlex
op-superraids.com;Op-SuperRaids
parasite.factions.ws;BoomPvP
AngCraftFactions.mcpro.co;AngCraftFactions
Play.EcoPvP.com;EcoPvP
69.175.5.133;MSTowny Towny server
158.85.102.107:34974;KoolCraftOPFactions
dummieswag.mcph.co;Dummie Swag
SparkzNetwork.tk;SparkzNetwork
pvp.nodcraft.de;Nodcraft
mcraids.org;McRaid
185.38.148.34:25610;RealmOfPvP
play.wynncraft.com;WynnCraft
play.impearlpvp.com;ImpearlPvP
universepvp.com;Universe PvP
saphos.net;Saphos
sikecraft.com;SiKeCraft
192.99.44.133:27008;opcraft
JunkyCraft.Com;JunkyCraft
play.dedwangbuis.nl;De Dwangbuis
play.beastmcnetwork.com;BeastNetwork
play.athosroleplay.com;Athos Roleplay
cubequest.mcph.co;Cubequest
play.mcfreeworld.com;Freeworld
85.190.163.229;creeper-craft
pohaland.net:25564;Pohaland Survival
play.morepvp.com;More PVP - Hub - Econ - Donations
69.175.54.91;EmeraldCraft
9pixelmon.mcraft-ip.com;9 Realm Pixelmon
Sparkznetwork.tk;SparkzNetwork
SonicCraft.beastmc.com;Sonic-Craft
nukemc.net;NukeMc.net
192.99.181.110;Gravity - Outer Space|Space|Factions
mc12.serverminer.com:25718;Flystreamers
razorhub.mcpro.co;RazorHub
themvgamerzone.com;TheMVGamerZone
162.244.167.19;cookiecraft
brokenserver.info;Broken Server
VirusPrison.com;VirusPrison
open.mcpro.co;OpenWorld
GS45.swifthosting.dk:25627;icecubepvp
184.171.249.212;coolcraft
198.24.164.162;Championville
mc.GuardiansOfSolstice.net;Guardians Of Solstice
Mc.PhantomPvP.Net;Mc.PhantomPvP.Net
mc.e-trail.eu;Brutal Network
mc.lollicraft.net;LolliCraft
pvp.chronos-craft.com;ChronosCraft
93.186.192.36:26096;MergeCraft
9pixelmon.mcraft-ip.com;9 Realms Pixelmon 
server13.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
162.245.3.15;mcHCS
twins.fluctis.com:25977;Twins Craft
198.24.178.170:41528;BlazeCraftPvP
mc.realmkeepers.net:25571;RealmKeepers.net
VesperRealm.mcpro.co;VesperRealm
76.164.236.71:29323;MehVerse
167.114.48.193;MythicalRealms | KitPVP |
192.99.200.20:25650;Medieval Survival
play.minefuturemc.com;MineFuture Network
192.95.46.27;NovaCraft
5.196.190.119;Styx Gaming Minecraft Server
37.187.252.163:27050;BadBlock
mc.redicraft.com;RediCraft
orbiscraft.mc-srv.com:26123;OrbisCraft 24/7 Cusrtom PvP
enterprise-craft.mcalias.com;Enterprise-Craft
185.28.188.243;OriginMC
goa.lrrponline.com:25566;Guilds Of Arondale
185.38.148.189:25584;Raddys nwo
SCraftHD.de;SurvivalCraftHD
nyc.minecraft.ms;VanillaCraft
192.99.181.117;NoTimePVP
AtomicMc.org;AtomcMc
mc.pokerfreak.se;PFreakCraft (PokerFreak)
192.227.173.179;Mincenomia Towny Server. Custom Ranks
play.gopromc.com:25567;GoProMc Skyblock
mireoak.net;MireOak
gungaleonline.mcpro.co;Gun Gale Online PVP Guns
factionpvp.org;Factionpvprisk
85.131.156.218;Garantinia
core003.minecore.info:12350;Core003
patadejamon.es;Pata De Jamon
172.245.34.53;Ultimate Semi-Vanilla Survival Spigot
212.83.130.29:12818;GoldenFactions
kortacraft.mcph.co;KortaCraft
94.23.211.204:25575;CEFNetwork
s54.hosthorde.com:25722;Solace Network
95.31.10.115:25573;PerfectWorld
play.arkena.cf;Arkena
198.20.109.238;PuRNation | Factions | PvP
opp.purenetwork.co.uk;Pure Network | Op Prison
104.219.4.61;LegendPrison needs builders
server14.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
mc.dystopiancraft.net;DystopianCraft
mc.placebopvp.com;PlaceboPvP
slimeplus.g-s.nu;SlimePlus
hub.cosmicnetwork.net;CosmicNetwork
electro.mcph.co;ElectroCraft
purgecraft.mcs4.me:26086;PurgeCraft
avaloncraft.hosthorde.net:26104;EthelianCafeServerMinecraft
play.raiderscraft.co;RaidersCraft
184.171.249.200;CarbonCraft
s36.hosthorde.com:25969;Elvix-Craft
mc-trinity.com;Trinity Network
62.210.234.72:12684;Minebuddies
MagicBending.MCjoin.eu;MagicBending
startgameserver.com;StartGame
mc.endurethecraft.com;EndureTheCraft
play.mcbattlecraft.us;maincraft server
GalaxyCraftSurvival.mcph.co;GalaxyCraft
198.24.182.194:44596;DragonFlame
server15.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
conquest.mcpro.co;Conquest - Eternal Network
cc.colebob9.net;CraftyCrunch
s17.hosthorde.com:25981;Flying Hedgehogs
MinePunch.com;MinePunch
mc.impmc.net;Imperial Craft
play.needlecraftmc.com;Needlecraft
162.244.166.66;Arrow Network
play.oldfartscraft.com;OldFartsCraft
5.255.70.68:25903;ArrowCraft
play.gravityraids.com;GravityRaids
ShawnOCraft.mcph.co;ShawnOCraft
5.159.230.233:25783;DuckPond
198.24.163.106:43654;DiamondCraft
craftx1.no-ip.biz:24512;CRAFTX1 Ultimate Vanilla
162.244.166.131:58077;SecretCraft
192.99.18.164:26347;OTP Craft 
Mc.Extrapvp.Net;Extrapvp
applecraftmc.mcpro.co;AppleCraftMC
108.170.15.242:34448;Crypto prison
BeaconCraftNLKingdom.mcplay.nl:26055;BeaconCraftNL
mc.jewelpvp.com;JewelPvP
sleekcity.us;Sleek City
136.243.10.70:25577;DreamZone
104.37.29.210;The Kings Realm
play.mooshymc.com;MooshyMC
Swagop.fadehost.com;Tydoesyourmom
198.50.202.129:25954;RaidQuest
mc.metagalacticcraft.com;MetaGalacticCraft
167.114.117.18:25623;Hawk Servers
play.KryptiCraft.com;KryptiCraft
192.99.47.48;24/7 KIT PVP| Server| Live stream
hypertek.mcph.eu;HyperTek
192.187.109.2:25622;Beastcraft
162.244.166.98;FTB Unleashed Server
Play.RektWarfare.com;RektWarfare - Search And Destroy
abugred.fluctis.com;Endless Realms
vitacraft.verygames.net;VitaCraft
cp.thundernetwork.eu:25765;ThunderNetwork
puggey-craft.mcpro.co;Puggey-Craft
31.214.243.164:20200;EsponjaCraft Br PT
craft-city.net;Craft-City.net
teamender.ddnss.de;#TeamEnderServer
108.61.133.26:25595;Lightning Craft
play.wh-mc.net;The Wild Hunt
play.exodusmc.net;ExodusNetwork
arcadeznetwork.mcph.co;ArcadeZ Factions
mc.pmasgc.com;LyreCraft - A pmasgc Server
mc.katricraft.org;Katricraft
play.epicube.fr;MineMoney
jediserverhub.mine.nu;JediServerHub | Free OP 
play.elitemc.info;EliteMC
heartfire.mcph.co;HeartFire Survival
grx3.net;grx3.net
23.92.212.142:25570;Renegaders
mostcraft.co;MostCraft
dracken.g.akliz.net:25568;Dracken
fnaf.hosthorde.net:26065;Five Nights at Freddys
64.31.50.169;CrypticPvP
Hyther.org;Hyther Factions
play.oovermc.com;OoverMC
nuggetnet.shockbyte.com:25999;NuggetNet
strafepvp.com;StrafePvP
192.99.200.165:25894;GTAcraft
berea.mcph.co;Berea
play.unitypvp.us;Unity Network
play.thegauntletmc.net;The Gauntlet
jucatorulmodern.ro;Ghost League
jinxnetwork.mcpro.co;JinxNetwork Need Staff
west780.com;West780s Server
s1.hosthorde.com:26057;GalaxyCraft
98.247.36.78;PixleCraft
pfpvp.com;PulsefirePvP
mc.nuflyy.com;nuflyy
23.95.30.185;Demise MC
minestorm.fluctis.com:25605;Stormcraft
192.95.11.7;Omppucraft
n3.csrv.pl:12818;Kwadratowo i Wesolo
play.mcanvil.net;LegendPvP
play.mcanvil.net;McAnvil Network
167.114.156.201:25776;Obscuros
192.99.19.187:25624;The Marquiland
162.245.0.69;CommunityTech
167.114.118.214:25580;Vital Factions need staff
minecraftparty.com;imTheCHoNGLeR
Play.PrisonVerse.com;PrisonVerse
193.111.140.210:26282;Logia
mc.creedpvp.com;Creedpvp
kirikraft.beastmc.com;KiriKraft
play.devoture.net;Devoture Prison
Paradisepvp.me:25611;NeocryptPvP
www.cyberflow.eu;Cyberflow
mc.universe-faction.com;Universe Factions
199.202.223.5;Gipaeniugs Server
198.143.154.180;SquidsUnite
server16.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
192.99.181.99;TSurvival Survival Server
minecraft.org.pl;MCPL
mc.chaoticunited.net;Chaotic United
play.theflamingpixel.org;The Flaming Pixel
play.ictowny.com:27373;ImmenseCraft
woahgaming.beastmc.com;WoahGaming
mythologynetwork.beastmc.com;MythologyNetwork
minioncraft.mooo.com;Minioncraft
CivHeroes.ddns.net;CivHeroes
23.94.121.134;Legacy Civil RPG Live Map
mc.AbsentCraft.net;AbsentCraft
162.244.165.131:53197;tekkit miner
73.9.57.198;Jc Jail
mc.nukin.co;nukin.co
abolincraft.omgcraft.fr:12594;AbolinCraft
play.oxygensmp.net;Oxygensmp
play.miraclenetworkmc.com;MiracleNetwork
townyhaven.mcph.co:64296;Towny Haven
167.114.117.18:25603;Frogs Server
CiviCraft.nitrous.it:25568;CiviCraft
185.38.148.23:25591;Awesomeness
moxnetwork.mc-srv.com;MoxNetwork
TubeCraft.mooo.com;TubeCraft 24|7
pocketpixels.mcserver.ws;Pocket Pixels
37.187.146.16:26970;OPcraft
198.27.111.165;U-Craft
play.nether-bit.net;NetherBit
mc.epicfactions.net;Epic Factions
176.31.25.88:27165;Craft Empire
37.59.69.78;TheTrinityMC
firecraftfactions.mcpro.co;Firecraft Factions
cryptoprison.mcph.co;Crypto Prison
198.50.155.232;RanCraft
198.27.87.118:25570;ArzoCraft Creative and PlotMe
play.sky-block.net;Sky-Block
play.fierycraft.mooo.com;Fiery Craft
aviexnetwork.mcph.co;AviexNetwork
Play.McAuroraCraft.Net;AuroraCraft
minecraft.minacdev.com;TyonCraft
play.adventurepvp.net;AdventurePvP
rootscrafters.com;Rootscrafters
MineoHolic.com:25721;MineoHolic Prison
162.245.1.32;Factions PvP
mc.eternalprison.us;Eternal Prison
64.31.50.177;Gem Powered
freshpvp.mcph.co;FreshPvP
s1.hosthorde.com:26057;GalaxyCraft
inf.HonorMc.com;Honor Gaming Network - Infinity Server
192.99.20.84:25929;SkyCraft
Play.StealthMC.net;StealthPrison
37.187.141.64:26112;iDeactivateMC 
play.dutchkingcraft.nl;DutchKingCraft
50.7.229.13;Raad Alaskari
37.187.146.16;OPcraft
37.187.146.16;OPcraft
dcmc.isprime.com;SuchARandomServer
servidor.sobreviventesbrasil.com.br;SoBReviventes Brasil
mc.diampvp.com;DiamondPVP
mc.noobskills.com;NoobSkills
slabcraft.beastmc.com;SlabCraft
pvp.mc-rastacraft.net;RastaCraft Full PVP
Tripcraft.mc-srv.com;BlazeCraft
craft59.crystal-serv.com:25570;Quartzo
play.insane-mc.com;Insane-Mc Cracked Games
play.minepark.net;MinePark
play.merkpvp.com;MerkPvP
144.76.197.35:25623;Alien Craft
play.airbornemc.com;AirborneMC
mc.minespawn.com;MineSpawn | ItemSpawning | Advanced PVP
108.170.15.242:34448;CryptoPrison
mc.shatterblox.com;Shatterblox
Archers.Me;Archers Modded Factions
216.172.107.234;GameCore Platform
haltex.zapto.org;The GoldSkulls
mc.playtpvp.com;Trinity PvP - Factions 
192.99.44.125:26409;Luso Network
FruityNode.mynode.in;Fruity Node
192.99.10.145:25673;Toaster Company
buildercraft.mcpro.co;PandaPrison
158.85.102.107;Easton677
technixmc.com;TechnixMC
85.114.128.85:26490;Creepy Minez
151.80.178.253;LuniaMC
play.kingsandempires.net;Kings And Empires
mc.mmo24.pl;MMO24.pl
5.255.85.197:26210;De ClassAGaming Server.
ratolandia.com.br;Ratolandia
50.7.229.13;VenomPvP
play.leepcraft.me;LeepCraft
37.187.146.16:26970;OPcraft
185.38.148.23:25577;Technomancy | Pets | Factions PvP |
198.20.111.141;MultiGaming BrainStorming
server17.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Creative Server
pvp.infinitycraft.me;Infinity Craft
162.244.165.91:25601;Anvil Shard PvP
s1.hosthorde.com:26067;GridEnd
pvp.infinitycraft.me;InfinityCraft PVP
fallout.thebigdigmc.info;Fallout Wasteland Legends
192.95.59.177;FearLegends
192.210.232.110;PvP Craft
Jamiecraftpvp.tk;JamieCraft PvP - Faction
coremagica.mcph.co;Core Magica
thundermeow.net;Thundermeow Network
thecrewmc.net:26103;TheCrew Minecraft
MaximumCapabilities.com;Maximum Capabilities
partymc.net;Party PVP
s1.oldcrafters.net;TheOld - Crafters
108.166.163.140;ISilentmooseHD
Oxidepvp.net;OxidePVP | Factions | Raiding | Griefing
80.86.171.222;Aganon - Missile Wars
brutalnetwork.net;BrutalNetwork
kitspvp.org;Kitspvp
play.vexedpvp.net;Vexed PvP
thegridmc.mcpro.co:56921;TheGrid
play.infinitypvp.net;InfinityPvP
server18.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Creative Server
mc.igniscraft.net;Ignistest
23.95.39.15;Magma Diamond
infinite.cheesium.com;Cheesium
104.128.52.222:25969;K&K
us.lichcraft.com;lichcraft
167.114.116.145:25795;FoxKingdoms
MineSaga.net;MineSaga
mc.faceland.info;Faceland
SLMC.in;ShadowLandsMC
Mc.Authima.ml;Authima
artisanrefuge.mcph.co;Artisan Refuge
192.99.181.117;NoTimePVP
162.244.166.121:49381;Z-Craft
dandabs.mcpro.co;CloudCraft
109.230.232.12:25050;RealMC
dhollows.mcserver.ws;Deirdrice Hollows
play.castawaymc.net;CastawayMC
play.oovermc.com;OoverMC
176.31.16.71;omegafactions
minecloudpvp.com;Minecloud
synotrek.pw;Synotrek
167.114.60.7;Adventure Hat 
198.50.222.97:25569;Quantum Vertex
188.241.14.5;GalaxyMC
94.23.200.48:25730;King-Of-Gamers
play.crypticmc.net;CrypticMC
66.85.183.26:25620;Stained_Universe
Killerbros.net;Killerbros | Network
162.245.0.46;RenoCraft
5.196.240.133;Obscene Craft Factions Server
Node39.Minecrafted.net:25701;EarthCore
142.4.218.167:25755;Alliance
88.150.171.62;Ftb Unleashed Mobwaves
alpha.playmcm.net;Murder V3 Alpha
lolpvpgasm.us;RapturePvP
thenexusmc.net;the nexus
72.46.130.66:26490;ShockPvP
mc.13-thirtyseven.com;13-thirtyseven
mc.mythiclands.pl;MythicLands
mc.BetterPvP.com;BetterPvP
217.114.198.200;MemexCraft
mc.alpacraft.com;AlpaCraft NetWork
jogar.introcraft.com.br;IntroCraft
5.255.85.198;MortalKingdom
diamondislandsurvival.com;Diamond Island Survival
alpha.playmcm.net;alpha.playmcm.net
mc-lz.com;MC-LZ
mc.squadservers.net;SquadServers
playmcm.net;Murder V2
Prison.MCLastCall.net;MCLastCall-Prison
185.38.148.23:25591;NovaCraft
MCSRO.net;SolarRising Network
play.exousiapvp.com;Exousia
hivemc.eu;the hive
dimensionaceon.com;Dimension Aceon
jediserverhub.mine.nu;JediserverHub
23.94.121.134;Legacy Civil RPG Live Map
mia.killerisp.net;Ethan World
172.245.31.233;RBMooserPvP
mc.spawn-on-me.net;Spawn-On-Me Gaming
158.85.102.106:49065;PlanetMercurySMP
diamondmc.net:25585;Diamond Network
teaminterrobang.com;Team Interrobang Multiverse
192.99.46.220:25945;GamerServer
PVP.SC;Imperialmc
spil.everpvp.dk;EverPvP.dk
play.ausforge.net;AusForge
play.forbiddencore.com;Forbidden Core
play.explodingfreedom.us.to:25594;ExplodingFreedom
arcadianetwork.us;Arcadia Network
trickcraft.servegame.com;TrickCraft
play.skydogs.net;SkyDogs
Spartanetwork.org;Sparta Network
162.244.166.101:46476;IceFactions
tricraft.factions.ws;Tri-Craft
ionicNetwork.mcserver.ws:25650;Ionic Network
mc.fillecraft.com;FilleCraft
play.uwesa.com;Uwesa.com (Devolped by Uwesa.com)
142.4.218.206:25607;CraftInTable
sarocraft.de;SaroCraft
DrexelCraft.com;DrexelCraft
mc.gulch-pvp.net;GulchPVP Factions
mc.universe51.net;Universe 51
open-craft.net;Open-Craft
medcraft.joinmc.eu:25605;-MedCraft- Skywars Creative -24/7-
play.boonmovies.nl;BoonMovies server
play.galacticboxmc.com;Galactic Box
78.46.97.248:25576;MineBreak
136.243.36.168;GoldCraft
69.175.65.197:25566;LKG Vanilla
185.38.148.175:25573;TheDiamondElite  Minigames server 
mc.theflyingsmurfs.com;TFS server
mc.gulch-pvp.net;GulchPVP Factions
ms1.hosting-uy.com:25595;Chobis-Server
mcshadearmy.com;ShadeArmy
server19.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Creative Server
23.94.121.134;Legacy Civil RPG Live Map
162.244.166.101:32544;PyroxeniteCraft
104.36.85.152;The Darkness
Unrealcraftmc.com;Unrealcraft Network
play.boonmovies.nl;BoonMovies server 
184.154.143.134;JustForKingsMC 
192.99.105.72;KindaVanilla
5.231.197.34;QuaftCraft
xtremcraft.ench.pl;XtremCraft
minecraftdimension.com;Minecraft Dimension 
halcraft.halplunkett.com;HalCraft
185.38.148.43:25597;DailyKings | Factions | PVP |
mc1.clubminecraft.com;ClubMineCraft
mineshqip.mcpro.co;Minecraft Shqip
hub.haydzcraft.com;HaydzCraft
aquacrafty.mcph.co;Aquacrafty
Zumebrent.com;Zumebrent
mc.domnian.com;Domnian
Mc.Anothercastle.co;Anothercastle.co Mass Zombies
Mc.Anothercastle.co;Anothercastle.co Mass Zombies
server.youcraft.com.br;YouCraft
acanciacraft.omgcraft.fr:12530;Acanciacraft
mc.minecub.es;Olimpocraft
mc.ME1312.tk;MEcraft
185.38.149.35:25602;PotatoCraft
104.243.39.122;Magma Realms Reloaded
mc.silentnoobs.com;The Silent Noobs
198.143.150.155;Realm of Antares
192.99.20.227:25588;Hcraft
ariakits.us.to;AriaKits
192.99.18.164:26345;MelonCraft
77.111.204.87;Intenscraft
192.99.105.73;Thunder Craft A Factions 
mc.radonetwork.net:25580;RadoNetwork
TheSquish.McPro.Co;The Squish
skyfront.dmch.nl;Sky Front
play.skullnet.org;SkullNet Survival
s5.hosthorde.com:25985;BlazenNetwork 
LampTraffic.beastmc.com;Lamp Traffic
mc.fourthlegacy.net;FourthLegacy
miraclenation.mcserver.ws;Miracle Nation
CubeLocked.ml:25821;CubeLocked
danwangfanmie.servegame.com;Danwangfanmie
play.hdpower.eu;HDPower
37.10.97.136;MetalGearSolid
missingcraft.hosthorde.net:25706;Missingcraft
Pixelymon.org;PixelyMon
towny.io;TownyIO
impvp.eu;ImperialPvP
MoooSurvival.Mooo.com;MoooSurvival
TreeCrafters.club;TreeCrafters
survivalplus.mcph.co;survival plus
mc.freedomraid.net;FreedomRaid
37.59.137.199;AlisCraft
FearFulPvP.com;FearFulpvp
192.99.20.34;AP4TW Anarchy Server
playthenations.net;Play The Nations
198.20.65.53;MarketCraft
play.teamextrememc.com;felipe
mc.mediocresoftware.com;Mediocre Minecraft Server
BlockArray.net;BlockArray
mc.vortexel.com;Vortexel
play.osfactions.com;OmegaSlam
37.228.133.3;Adventure Craft
185.28.188.163:30884;The Realm Of Trigon
kirikraft.beastmc.com;KiriKraft
plugdj.mcph.co;PlugCraft
play.dimensionmc.com;dimension mc
37.187.144.76:25638;HiflexMC
blob.craft.vg;Blobcraft
198.20.109.86;MorphWorld
185.28.188.128:56217;GreenieNetwork
198.24.169.74:36121;MobNetwork
168.61.152.219;Mc Gamecraft
142.4.213.76;SeveredPixel
lundcraft.beastmc.com;LundCraft
Play.blockedup.net;Blocked up
PyrocraftmcUS.factions.ws;Pyrocraft
kolya-craft.tk;kolya-craft.tk
tpnations.gameserv.co;TPNations Online
creative.frostcraft.com;FrostCraft Creative
play.snickerzcraft.com;SnickerzCraft
mineverse.net;mineverse
minecraft.wdgaming.net;wD Gaming Minecraft Network
188.165.206.26:25953;CreepyCraft Netwerk
loveisdoor.hosthorde.net;LoveIsDoor
dg.noip.me;Dream Garden
104.37.29.199:26347;VoidMc
play.paramount-realms.com;Paramount-Realms
31.214.161.54;WitherLandSmp
play.cubecraftgames.net;Cubecraft
compix.nitrous.it;COMPIX
lemoncraft.mcgh.co;LemonCraft
188.212.100.108;Alpha-Craft.Ro
198.50.185.135;PokeNova 
play.dinasty-network.nl;Dinasty-network
69.175.118.130:50732;Skyblock Extreme
wickyserver.com:28465;WickyServer Pixelmon
discoveryridge.mcpro.eu;Discovery Ridge
protoncraft.beastmc.com;ProtonCraft
exoticmc.mcpro.co:45135;Exotic-Mc 
play.experiacraft.com;ExperiaCraft
teamcreativemc.com;TeamCreative
162.244.166.151:56083;StoneJoe
grandbuildcraft.mcserver.me;Time6628
er-mc.net;Eternal Realms
Galaxyverse.mcserver.ws;Galaxy Verse
108.170.21.42:29842;WeDoFactions
minecraft.jonnys-place.com;Jonnys Place
192.99.44.134:27509;LeisureLand 
BrutalForce.minecraft.gs;BrutalForce
op.theminegalaxy.com;The MineGalaxy OPFactions
Looccraft.com;LoocCraft
pashacraft.game-host.org:12345;Pashacraft
brutalnetwork.net;Hunger
mc-pixelverse.mcph.co;PixelVerse
SurvivalCraftMC.zapto.org:25560;Survival Craft MC
hi.freesip.cf;Hi Server
us.freesip.cf;US MINE
eu.freesip.cf;EU MINE
plex.freesip.cf;ASIAPLEX
23.235.233.80:31227;PixelPark
compix.nitrous.it;COMPIX
game.bombiti.sk;Bombiti.sk  Minigames
Pixelymon.org;Pixelmon
compix.nitrous.it;COMPIX
tbp.mcpro.co;Flame
test.nitrous.it;COMPIX
test.nitrous.it;COMPIX
351110.mc.mpgs.co;FoxCraft
test.nitrous.it;COMPIX
77.241.206.78:25945;Lt Blokai
minefreeze.hosthorde.net:25857;MineFreeze
MCRaids.us;MCRaids
158.85.102.106:49065;PlanetMercurySMP
198.50.250.44;Ruby Prison
www.booksforthehungry.com;The Dark Forest
Play.BronzeFactions.net;BronzeMC
area51servers.com:9987;Area 51 Servers
pvp.beastmc.com;BeastMC Factions
zenithfactions.com;ZenithFactions
s25.hosthorde.com:26093;MysticGalaxy
mc.faithlesscraft.com;FaithlessCraft Reloaded
play.hazenrealms.com:25580;Hazen Realms
Play.WaterWorldFactions.com;WaterWorld Factions
158.85.102.106:46519;Pixelmon Fusion
198.24.175.58:42258;Creation & Destruction 
mc.rprison.net;RPRISON
64.31.50.150:25610;PricelessGaming
74.91.122.101;Factionuprise
mc.relapsedgaming.com;Relapsed Gaming
playthenations.net;Playthenations.net
TotalPvP.Net;TotalPVP
SpectreVerse.beschdah.com;SkyLand Network
play.universalnetwork.x10.mx;The Universal Network
37.187.156.92:2669;DrugDeluxe
mc.minecwaft.net;Minecwaft -The Official Server of ZGW
mc.apollocraft.net;ApolloCraft
108.61.227.195:10100;DatMinecraftServer
23.94.114.81;Fernweh Affinity
myspacemc.ddns.net;MySpace
174.34.158.77;OldFartsCraft
VenomRaids.com;VenomRaids - op Factions
play.krypticmcnetwork.us:31906;Kryptic MC Network Need staff
198.24.177.74:45193;Battlecraft PvP
team-ctc.at;team-ctc.at
mc.xmpstudios.com;XMP Studios
162.244.164.31:59065;Zero Pvp | Hiring Staff | 
mc.FlashNetwork.org;FlashNetwork
167.114.117.18:25623;Hawk Server
2h.livemc.net:260;no2mic
3h.livemc.net:260;no3mg
6h.livemc.net:300;no6mj
4h.livemc.net:2100;no4liiih
7h.livemc.net:11466;xiiiiiiikoooo
4h.livemc.net:11000;no4sky
3h.livemc.net:23293;no3my
4h.livemc.net:820;no4tttttj
4h.livemc.net:126;no4dh
37.157.252.177;German Minelife
play.gridlockmc.com;GridlockMC
162.255.213.7:25566;FuzzySurvival
test.nitrous.it;COMPIX
Fancycraft.cc;Fancycraft Server
Nicksmc.btwtech.com;Squidcraft
23.235.232.89:33385;Smooth Crash
185.38.148.48:25567;RitzCraftMC
play.asparia.net;Asparia
192.99.24.109;guy ve ori
play.falkornetwork.com;Falkor Network
play.koonkraft.net;Free OP Free Admin
CallofMC.mcph.co;CallofMC
play.craftinguniverse.com;Crafting Universe
178.33.52.30;Polska Spolecznosc Graczy
brutalnetwork.net;brutalnetwork
69.175.118.146:38531;toxiccraft
mc.mineroar.com;Mineroar
playthenations.net;Play The Nations
217.79.182.117:25584;USAmc
eclipsemc.beastmc.com;Eclipse MC
fluffycraftmc.g-s.nu;Fluffy Craft
CopperVolt.us;CopperVolt
mcexa.zapto.org;Explore Adventure
mc.orangecraft.net;mc.orangecraft.net
192.99.44.133;Darkness Descend
208.117.11.226:26577;WovenOPNetwork
Tcnetwork.mcpro.co;TcNetwork Prison Factions Combined
FranzyGaming.mcpro.co:29885;FranzyGaming
MinLeonCraft.com;Minleoncraft
mc.wabbitface.com:25580;Wabbit Survival - A Friendly Server
RaidFactions.com;Faction Raids
heistnetwork.com;Heist Factions
test.nitrous.it;COMPIX
valkyrienetwork.com;Valkyrie Network
JC-Craft.Mcpro.Co;JC-Craft
79.124.59.42;RPG Bulgaria
77.111.255.191;Paragon
mc.paradoxprison.com;Paradox Prison
kabomcraft.mcpro.eu:61299;kabomcraft
mineblockz.com:25919;Mineblockz - KitPvP
marginal.hostmc.org;MarginalCraft Full PvP
facverse.mcph.co;Faction Server
MC.Freedomunited.net;Freedom United
verendus.net;Verendus Networks
archaicraft.mcph.co;ArchaiCraft
WitherCraftNetwork.mcsrv.eu;WitherCraftNetwork
mc.thepotatocraft.us;PotatoCraft Survival
104.219.2.94;Delirium Factions 
CowPvP.beastmc.com;OPCowPvP
firecraftfactions.mcpro.co;FireCraftFactions
ocelotnetwork.mcpro.co;OcelotNetwork
Vanilla.MineCraftCorner.com;Vanilla Chest And Chunk Protection
167.114.29.144;Elipsis PVP Factions
coppervolt.beastmc.com;CopperVolt
192.99.44.131:27392;PieCraft
5.62.114.63;CraftYourLife
azelcraftmc.beastmc.com;AzelcraftMC
byre-mc.dmch.nl:25610;Byre.dmch.nl
185.55.242.96;ServerMC
Gommehd.net:53395;Go alone
play.xdmc.com;Xenodome (XDMC)
battlequake.com;Battlequake
mc.shallwecraft.com;ShallWeCraft
94.23.39.44:25611;MLG Network
hub.caved.in;Tunnels Network
play.kemonopvp.pw;KemonoPvP
37.59.137.199;AlisCraft
mc-sc.us;SocialCraft
mc.pl3x.net;Pl3xcraft
37.187.154.69:26235;UniPlay
monsterminerz.pw:25566;MonsterMinerzEU
RomeNetwork.beastmc.com;RomeNetwork
31.220.14.20;skywars.com
romenetwork.beastmc.com;RomeNetwork NEED staff
159.8.75.36:29806;Sector 17
82.146.47.164;teracraft.ru
f4talcraft.gameserv.co;Mark Novikov
TheUnlighted.us;TheUnlighted
thepastanetwork.mcpro.co;PastaCraft
WolfNation.net;WolfNation
pixelcraftmc.beastmc.com;Pixelcraft
PandoverCity.mymc.io;PandoverCity
MC-WAR.COM;Thr33boyz
167.114.48.212;Cosmic Craft
192.99.13.131:25969;Nightland Factions
bitworld.us.to;BitWorld
play.rejectedmc.com;Rejected Factions
mc.artemisrealms.net;Artemis Realms
mc.pixel-planet.co;Pixel-Planet
play.addictivepvp.net;AddictiveNetwork
primalcraft.beastmc.com;PrimalCraft Need Staff
play.lumosmc.com;LumosMC
104.219.4.61;Minecraft Prison Server - Staff Needed
77.111.201.207;BlameTheServer - New Economy Survival
jailhouseblox.com;Alltheladies
doggycraft.dk;DoggyCraft
192.99.99.224;TimeSpaceCraft
play.thenovamc.net;TheNovaMC
mc.sgcpvp.net;SgcPvP
minecraft227.omgserv.com:10168;Craftoholic
192.99.46.95:25806;CrossFire PVP
EuroMC.de;EuroMC
72.73.25.91;Infinity Gaming Community
hardhatgaming.mcserver.me;Hard Hat Gaming Faction Server
CaliosPvP.us.to;CaliosPvP
209.105.238.217;SpartanCraft
play.battlewarz.com;BattleWarZ
play.theanimus.net;Animus
mcaw.mcpro.co;Green Mcaw Towns
162.255.214.8:25576;Creep-Net
TeraPvP.Net;TeraFactions
104.218.100.51:25566;Toolcraft
play.burstmc.com;Burst Network
play.theeclipsemc.com;TheEclipseMC
Play.KnightsCraft.Net;KnightsCraft
192.227.221.155;ObsidanCraft
192.227.173.135;Best faction server ever
s7.hosthorde.com:26025;Dark Ascension
floorcraft.floorchan.org;FloorCraft
ftct.ddnsking.com;Frontier Craft
188.212.101.81;Mc.DeadZone.Ro
198.50.204.123;Endercross
mc.chaoticunited.net;Chaotic United
play.craftinguniverse.com;Crafting Universe
maailmanloppu.fi;Aurinkomaa
knurft.mcplay.nl;KnurftCraft
mc80.crew.sk:25582;Omega-Craft
www.corvers.org;mc_Martijn
192.99.44.167:26018;RealPrestigeCraft
play-foucraft.tk:55555;Foucraft
minebeacon.us.to;MineBeacon
mc.blocktherapy.org;BlockTherapy.org EU Server
MInecraftfan241.cloudapp.net;The Cave
MInecraftfan241.cloudapp.net;The Cave
MInecraftfan241.cloudapp.net;The Cave
mc.pixelnexus.net;Pixel-Nexus
play.destinmc.com;Destination Network
theworldcraft.net;TheWorldCraft
108.174.57.184:25665;Minespace
lodcraft.fr:25567;LoDCraft
play.psgaming.net;Psg Factions
vtownhood.mymc.io;Assassins Craft 2.0
play.anticpvp.com;Anticpvp
lycea.us;Lycea
mc.infinityraids.net;InfiniteMC Overpowered Network
minecraftanarchy.net;Minecraft Anarchy Revolution
198.143.140.91;InsaneMC
coolcraft.smallmine.net:27565;CoolCraft
mc.jjgaming.net;JJGaming.net
luxemc.us;LuxeMC
162.223.9.251;Combat Capital
mcfirecraft.no-ip.org;firecraft
melody-mc.com;MelodyMC
162.245.0.205;Gravitymc
hub.mineplex.com;us. or hub.MinePlex.com
manncraft.ninja:25566;Manncraft
159.8.75.37;BlockCraft
civi-craftmc.com;Civi-CraftMC
37.187.29.204:27114;Trustyfactions
167.114.43.166;Kryptech Prison
spl.wither.co;Splash Universe
playnexus.us.to;NexusNetwork
mc.anarchyrealms.com;Anarchy Realms
mc.cepvp.com;CeNetwork
simplyprison.com;SimplyPrison
Sync-Network.com;Sync-Network
derplandfactions.fadehost.com:26563;Derp Land
158.85.69.137:64996;Phoenix PvP
192.210.229.47;Krusty Kraft
198.50.202.171;Survival
annihilation-pvp.beastmc.com;Annihilation-PvP Network
dcserv.us;FrostBite PvP
s4.hosthorde.com:26063;PureCraft
semcraft.mcserver.ws;SemCraft
Mc.Zeroland.Org;ZeroLand
play.buildtosurvive.net;Build To Survive
37.187.150.162:25808;Not Enough PvP
78.46.97.248:25573;Firklover
play.minechampions.com;MineChampions
ms.kryptongaming.eu;KryptonGaming | ModSauce 2
192.99.44.159:41282;Sweet Survival
mc.clania.net;Clania
thecorner.serverminer.com:26409;The Corner
mc.NordicUniverse.com;NordicUniverse
solidmine.net:2023;Raze Raid Factions
undersiegenw.net;UnderSiege
get.rektprison.com;REKTPrison
thebuildersdimension.mc-srv.com:26076;The Builders Dimension
McAri.net;McAri
play.cyborgmc.com;CyborgNetwork
192.99.5.18;Beaf Industries
proj3ctreborn.craft.vg;Proj3ct-Reb0rn
aerocraft.nitrous.it;AeroCraft
184.95.61.122:40294;_MickeyMouse_
biochemicalgaming.beastmc.com;Biochemical Gaming
play.cn-mc.us;Cupboardosity
serverthunderwave.ddns.net;Thunder Waves Server
162.223.9.241;KaosKraft
integritypvp.nitrous.it;Isaacey
simplemc.playat.ch;SimpleMC
ruinfalls.beastmc.com;RuinFalls
server20.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Creative Server
mc-unity.net:25585;MC-UNITY
mc.endurethecraft.com;Endurethecraft
JailMC.com;JailMC Prison
inhumanmc.com;Inhuman PvP
88.150.171.99;GalaticWar
ravage-craft.com;Ravage-Craft
levian.factions.ws;Levian
play.havoc-craft.net;havoc
StaticFactions.com;StaticFactions
mc.thespex.net:25575;SpexMC
thedarkdomain.mcph.co;TheDarkDomain
play.themcuniverse.net;Towny - Mc Universe
217.209.222.73;Akandeshs Creative Building Server
play.fallen-bending.net;FallenAshes / Bending Server
mc.factionz.com;Faction Z I Looting and More
spil.mcnations.dk;MCNations
mindlessmc.com;MindlessMC
griefpvp.mcpro.co;GriefPvP
162.244.165.141:33533;KoalaCraft
play.falkornetwork.com;Falkor Network
play.mashacraft.ml;MashaCraft
play.crepitusmc.org;crepitusMC
192.95.15.228:25614;Urbsida Craft
Slayers.mcserver.ws:25642;SlayersCraft
198.24.171.26:55361;Half Past Midnight
192.210.228.91;infinity-pvp
SuperGames.beastmc.com;SuperGames
144.76.112.103;HUN PrisonCrafting RPG
37.187.134.19:25619;Serenity-Craft
MCFairytale.com;MCFairytale
FinalGame-Hosting.com;FinalGame-Hosting.com
play.minelc.com;Minelc
5.255.85.213:26468;Kingdom Srver
lostcraft.serverminer.com:25980;LostCraftmc
play.costaxrealm.co.uk;CostaxRealm
mc.spartanpvp.org;SpartanPvP
mc.limitedgaming.net;LimitedGaming-LTD-Craft 
adaptmc.beastmc.com;AdaptMC
play.instacraft.us;InstaCraft
198.143.155.99;Dragons Realm
shadowlegacy.spartanhost.net;Shadow Legacy
198.154.103.113;Candlestick Clan Server
198.143.150.7;Pie Network
69.175.72.231;The Hallow
thebladecraft.ga;TheBladeCraft - Skywars
192.99.21.64:25841;Meteor Network
loyalmc.net;LoyalMC
play.minersrealm.net;MinersRealm
mc-unity.net;mcunity
192.99.21.120:25642;Deities Survival
mc.nocgaming.com;NocGaming Survival and Minigames
cyberprison.beastmc.com;Cyber Prison
play.opserenity.com;Serenity
play.trivilitymc.com;TrivilityMC
50.7.229.74:26558;ThunderCraft
83.90.175.143;ReXoS Community
mc.cube.ez.lv;mc.cube.ez.lv
76.164.203.130:25896;KillezKraft
mc.potatoverse.com;The Potato Verse
mc.valorpvp.org;ValorPvP
play.fluxusmc.net;FluxusMC
greasycraft.apexminecraft.com;Greasy Craft
37.59.48.206:25604;The Bot Games
blazeitgaming.net;Blaze It Network
mclatam.ggserv.co;McLatam Network
s28.hosthorde.com:25892;TentaCraft
bbmc.mc-srv.com;BuildBlock MC
play.divergent-mc.com;DivergentMC
play.cloudcreativemc.com;Cloud Creative
mc.skycraft.com.br;SkyCraft
thecrafters.ddns.net;AtlantiCraft
play.dash-mc.net;Dash
mc.ducadu.ro;Ducadu Network | mc.ducadu.ro
s48.hosthorde.com:26070;DMGcraft
Mc.gettrillium.net;Trillium Network
Play_Minecraft.BeastMC.com;PlayMinecraft BNMC
192.99.13.131:25969;NightLand Faction
play.arianacraft.net;ArianaCraft Presents Pixelmon
209.133.210.41:25750;ElPanaCraft
198.24.178.178:57488;Ingot Craft
sskyblock.serveminecraft.net;SSkyblock
pixelinfinity.mcph.co;Pixel Infinity
SuperPvPCraft.dmch.nl;SuperPvPCraft
108.60.204.69;ArmedMC-Op prison
Play.beschdah.com;Skyland Network 
108.170.58.203;WoodHeirst
mc.Godpvp.org;GodPvP
198.24.183.2;HeroBrine843 Server
kodji.ru:25555;Shambala
192.99.47.179:25631;BraveWorld
Vale.beastmc.com;Lords of Vale
108.170.23.98:59687;Simply Survival
mc.drug-city.org;Drug-City
minecrairos.servegame.com:25892;Minecrairos
seetiecraft.net;Seetiecraft
5.10.110.100:64753;sukiecraft.mcph.co
dlusionist.mine.nu:25534;EnderCockie
142.4.218.206:25763;FamilyCraft
pandacraft.fluctis.com:26177;panda avatar
198.154.111.196;Alexcraft network 2.0
192.99.20.81:25662;Skycraft 
mysticsurvival.net;Mystic Survival
McMinecraft.net;McMinecraft
23.235.224.36;Epochcraft
mc.gettrillium.net;Trillium Prison
prison.gotpvp.com;GotPVP
prison.gotpvp.com;GotPVP
FrostyMC.mcph.co;FrostyMC
evolutioncrafters.ddns.net;EvolutionCrafters
play.nollfilms.com;NollCraft
ash.on.vg;Army Strikes Hell PL
ashmine.craft.vg;Army Strikes Hell PL.
ECPVP.net;EminenceCraft
raid-nation.com;Raid Nation
craft.fruitusers.com;Fruit Users
104.219.4.61;Prison Server - Staff Needed
198.20.71.115;Klipers
crushcraft.hosthorde.net:25784;CrushCraft
MasterSB.net;MasterSB
mc.fosforito.net;FosforitoMC Survival
tjncreative.co;TJNCreative
play.multyxx.nl:25754;Multyxx
37.187.172.174:25590;Lunatic Network
CupyCraft.mcplay.nl;CupyCraft
lite.ice-network.org;Ice-Network | Megaprojekt
198.154.97.249;Dominion Gaming Minecraft Server
countrycraftmc.mcpro.co;CountryCraft
elitepvp.co.uk:26999;ElitePvP  KitPvP (potions)
muni.freecraftmaps.fr:20787;Ultime Craft
play.wandercraft.us;WanderCraft Semi-Vanilla Anarchy
diamondspvp.net;DiamondsPvP
184.95.61.20;DisorderlyMC
s20.hosthorde.com:25813;MasterSB
play.axocraft.net;AxoCraft
sv.bananascraft.es;BananasCraft
Mc.CePvp.com;CePvp
crsoup.us;RideWithGaiming
mc.gettrillium.net;Trillium Prison
pvp.imperialcraft.co:25980;ImperialCraft
184.95.61.20;DisorderlyMC
coreprison.com;CorePrison
pvp.beastmc.com;BeastMC Factions
play.mc-nation.net;Mc-Nation
Mc.LeafCraft.Net;LeafCraft
184.95.61.20;DisorderlyMC
184.95.61.20;DisorderlyMC
66.85.182.242:25910;Blurrcraft Minecraft Survival
s45.hosthorde.com:25982;The Survival Network - Factions Server
play.simplesmp.net;Simple SMP
198.24.171.90;WhitherCraft
s1.hosthorde.com:26057;GalaxyCraft Faction Server
37.187.148.30:25780;VegasFactions
play.valkyriacraft.net;ValkyriaCraft
s21.hosthorde.com:25864;IHateDiamonds
excaliburmc.mcpro.co;ExcaliburMC
158.85.69.136;Ventura Craft
198.20.127.85;SnowCatPlay
poolandia.mcph.co;Poolandia
jahebia.mcpro.eu:47381;Jahebia
raid-nation.com;RaidNation
play.MC-Dynasty.com;MC-Dynasty Network
184.95.61.20;DisorderlyMC
avprlc.com:29000;ComedyPrison
198.24.172.6;Cows Factions
69.175.27.178;StartleCrafte
108.170.17.74:28054;zapcraft
198.12.88.222;my cool server we need admins REally
mc.gettrillium.net;Trillium Prison
mcspace.net:25615;Mcspace.net
krys.beastmc.com;Krys
summitfactions.com;Summit Factions
162.244.166.131:46411;Fantasy Hub
198.24.165.154:54126;Fans Of Minecraft Creative
datoneserver.beastmc.com;Dat One Server
sorrowserver.mcpro.co;Sorrow Server
RFreedom.fadehost.com;Ruby Freedom
XeonLegend.mcph.co;Blast
162.216.100.29;BlueBones
craftpvp.pt-br.net;CraftPvP Network
play.totalfreedom.me;TotalFreedom
teamgpgaming.mcpro.co:30372;GPGaming
69.175.36.81;  69.175.36.81
mc.nerdpack.org;Nerdcraft
play.wyrmfire.com:25702;WyrmFire RPG
199.202.218.88;Dragons Reign Towny Server
Modded.MC.Atlantica.US:25765;Atlantica - Custom Modpack
5.255.85.204:25874;MinePlaceNetworks
CroX-Network.info;CroX-Network
mc.cspvp.net;CrowStormPVP
play.unionmc.net;Union MC
play.edzcraft.com;EDzCraft
198.143.150.105;Ecofaction
198.20.68.248;BananaCraft
play.tekkify.com;wada
paceltv.minecraft.to;PacelTV - Minecraft Server
185.38.148.166:25579;SimplicityCraft
medievalmen.beastmc.com;Medieval Men
jogar.mineauto.com.br;MineAuto  A Era do Futuro 2
64.31.50.143;mc247
mctakeover.mcpro.co;McTakeover 
sks.mcph.co;Survive Kill Survive
factions.shreddedmc.com;Simple Factions
play.peridium.net;Peridium
survivalnetwork.nitrous.it;Server
BlazePvP.BeastMC.com;BlazePvP
198.91.90.100;Avatar-Hardcore
mc.nightmareop.us;NightMareOp
TechWorld.mcph.co;TechWorld
mc.legacy.rocks;LegacyNetwork
origenz.net;OrigenZ
198.50.252.116;HydraCraft
multination.nitrous.it;MultiNation
Sky-Craft.org;SkyCraft
ravnicraft.es;RavniCraft
pvp.Desteria.com;Desteria
192.169.44.151;SnowCraft
104.219.1.84;CrafterMaster
64.31.50.147;XiosMC
elementosmc.com; Elementos - Nation Based PVP Server 
willycraft.ddns.net;willycraft
192.99.200.210:26575;Skyblock
198.143.150.139;TurdBurgalor
mcpheno.us.to;Minecraft Phenomena
96.43.133.93;Empire Society
159.8.75.40:29690;XQCrafting
monman11.com;MonCraft
Play.TheAnimus.Net;The Animus
2icraft.com:25737;2icraft SMP
KiriKraft.beastmc.com;KiriKraft
ZapperCraft.net;ZapperCraft
play.MCAltitude.net;MCAltitude
mc.legacyplays.com;Legacy Plays Network
UrPrison.com;UrPrison
tekkit.sparkscraft.net;SparksCraft Tekkit - MyTown
pvp.justaddbacon.net;OP Factions pvp.justaddbacon.net
37.10.101.217;MineCityBuild
play.nazarethnetwork.com;Nazareth Network
mctakeover.mcpro.co:30942;MCTakeover
mc.darthgaming.net;Darth Realms
pokeblock.fluctis.com;Pokeblock
192.99.47.179:25830;ParticleCraft
198.50.141.82;BattleRaid
75.81.19.60;TheUltimateSurvivalServer
play.pixelbox.pw;PixelBox
65.60.58.18:60197;Homestead - Hardmode Survival
198.24.162.110;CubixCreation
203.57.45.83;Nano Craft.
ultraminerzdk.swifthosting.dk;UltraMinerzDK
69.195.134.93;AnimeHeaven
s21.hosthorde.com:25864;IHateDiamonds
symmetryreborn.com;Symmetry Reborn
5.62.119.21;ExiliumFactions
119.81.65.243:29980;Simply Vanilla Potato
play.regacidenetwork.com;RegacideNetwork
play.dynamicpvp.net;DynamicPvP | Factions | Crates
www.mine-sky.net;Mine-Sky
powercraft.redirectme.net;PowerCraft Server
play.shillzpvp.com;ShillzPvP
DMCA.dmch.nl:25704;DutchMCAdventure
funkyfactions.com;burden
130.180.201.229:33695;Ghost Dimensions
188.165.40.62;play.darklegendz.com
monman11.com;MonHUB
playslimecraft.mcpro.eu;Slimecraft
hub.cynicalmc.com;Cynical Network
Vinewoodnetwork.com;Vinewoodnetwork
188.227.165.2:25575;HorizonRaids  Factions PVP
mc.apocgaming.org:7853;APOC Test Pack Please Ignore
OGPvP.mymc.io;OGPvP
windmillgaming.net;WindmillGaming Towny
GrappleFactions.mcph.co;Grapple FActions
Glowmc.pw;Glowmc
valoucraftcity.craft.vg:25545;Valoucraftcity
Survival.Risensmp.com;Shadows Realms
lavaemotionz.ddns.net;LavaEmotionz
Crisispvp.us;CrisisPvp
mcexa.tk;Explore Adventure      IP mcexa.tk
76.72.172.234:25700;YeetCraft
216.172.105.176;Minecraftia
us.radiationnet.work;The Radiation Network
pvp.crafttuber.com.br;CraftTuber - Servidor de Minecraft
69.195.134.96;MapleCraft
dragoncraftpvp.com;DragonCraft PvP
scr.us.to;Survival Craft Reborn
mc.fatalityfactions.net;Fatality Factions
5.62.114.63;CraftYourLife
pvp.pvpfeeling.de;PvPFeeling - FeelingNetwork
mc.infinitecraft.co.uk;Infinite Craft
178.254.21.251;No Mercy FTB
162.248.94.135;Sideways Gaming Vanilla Survival
play.cland.cc;CerealLand
play.kuriosmc.net;KuriosMC
valleycraftmc.play.ai;ValleyCraftMC
palacemc.com;PalaceMC
216.172.105.186;Avatar World
InfectiousMC.beastmc.com;InfectiousMC
104.200.132.208;MercuryCraft
arcadeznetwork.mcph.co;ArcadeZ Factions
23.235.226.246;pvpcmc.com
162.244.165.141:34281;Survive Kill Survive
198.24.128.234:64581;VenomousCraftRP
rnserver.mcph.co;VizoroCraft
minecraft.beschdah.com;Skyland-Network
infinity.illuminerdy-mc.com:25665;Illuminerdy - FTB Infinity
play.brotherus-craft.tk;Brotherus Craft
play.crolacy.com;Crolacy
62.210.230.235:27426;Harchianne
play.planetsurvivor.net;Planet Survivor
PvPBoss.minecraft.gs;PvPBoss
play.leagueofdravenmc.com;League Of Draven
178.20.170.121:25709;SpeedCoding26
veltan.mcnode.net;Veltan
SmileMc.Com;SmileMc
excaliburmc.mcpro.co;ExcalliburMC
kingdomespvp.beastmc.com;KingdomesPvP
23.252.116.10:26924;Mine Point Creative Server
108.60.204.69;ArmedMC
lolpvpgasm.us;Rapture PVP
Play.Tynscraft.com;Tynscraft Network
CousinEmpire.net:25712;CousinEmpire
172.245.30.230;FlintCraft
hungrysoul.mcserver.ws;HungrySouls
198.27.91.116;DiaMode
play.exoticmines.net;ExoticMines
play.pokenation.us;PokeNation
108.163.221.164;minEFallS
play.empiremc.org;Empire MC
cakecraftbeta.ddns.net:43589;CakeCraft
vexon.hosthorde.net;TheVexon
173.208.222.170:25954;Ultimate Deathban
BattleCraft.BeastMC.Com;battlecraft
play.hybermc.net;HyberMC
supernatural-mc.ddns.net:60131;Supernatural Network
158.69.26.186:25586;Naruto Unleashed
DustyMC.com;DustyNetwork
mc.milocraft.us;Milocraft
Razerzmc.com;Razerz Faction
192.99.47.146:40801;FluffyCraftMC
94.23.199.156:27584;FrostMC Factions
mc.xpcraft.com;XPCraft
main.imagineeringparks.com;Imagineering Parks
162.244.167.1:55412;Jockey Swag
CookieShard.beastmc.com;CookieShard
87.98.195.44:26265;Doomsday Preppers
144.76.25.169:30117;AnyCraft
75.127.2.192;Tech Craft
3dcraft.nitrous.it;3dCraft
213.10.255.139:25574;Behind The Wall
www.bosspvp.net;Boss Pvp
Mineclick.mymc.io;Mineclick
Fearlessbteam.com;FearlessBTeam
74.94.235.90;Survival Craft
198.23.203.93;MitzCraft
halecraft.ranni.ca;HaleCraft
superhdgamiing.vgmc.us;SuperHdGamiing Factions
mc.monkeycraft.us;MonkeyCraft Fun-Friends-Games
192.95.30.129:25614;DatCraft Pixelmon Gaming
167.114.221.84:25695;Farlanders Network
s5.hosthorde.com:25974;Poki-Craft
167.114.43.180;GeneralMC 
Infinite-Network.beastmc.com;Infinte-Network
mc.afterhours.space;AfterHours
Infinite-Network.beastmc.com;Infinte-Network
www.lunacraft.net;Luna Craft
mc.gamingsquared.org;Gaming Squared
play.hardcraft.eu;HardCraft
108.38.101.213:25569;SolidCraft
factions-wrecknation.tk;WreckNation Factions
play.sprindex.net;Sprindex
s.gun-game.de;Gun-Game
188.165.245.196;LionCraft
37.187.134.19:25576;FrezzCraft
mcmagic.us;mcMagic
162.244.164.101:25852;MixifyMC - Factions
162.252.10.200:26620;Lavolta Lava Survival
Play.DiamondShaft.Com;Diamond Shaft
185.38.148.30:25572;minepack
play.gamecraft.nl;GameCraft
142.4.218.166:25811;CreationCraftSMP 
bys.minecraft.to;BuildBesideMe
play.divinitypvp.com;Divinity-PvP
kingdomespvp.beastmc.com;Kingdomes PvP
MineFriends.Net;MineFriends
spoonycraft.beastmc.com:26016;SpoonyCraft
Shadows.thc.lv;Shadow of the mountain
107.6.181.156;VoltsPvP
192.99.98.222:26153;JAMCo
mc.darkcraft.org;DarkCraft
comsergeltda.dyndns.org;L3mes Crafters
central.minebr.com.br;MineBR NetWork
ripstickcraft.mcph.co;Ripstick Craft
mcfallout.net;mcFallout
185.38.149.104:25571;NovatexGaming
play.lazzerpvp.net;LazzerPvP
167.114.103.189:25718;EzCraft
Play.JungleMC.com;The Jungle MC
cakecraftbeta.ddns.net:43589;CakeCraft
gnegacraft.zapto.org;GNegaCraft
198.27.67.66;New Beginnings
archaicraft.mcph.co;ArchaiCraft
therange.mcph.co;The Range
WoodyCraft.apexmc.co:26038;WoodyPlayzMC Youtube server
play.mckrowd.net;MCKrowd
play.elitemc.info;EliteMinecraft
diamondbenders.gameserv.co;diamondbending.net
91.121.181.189:26666;Cats Amazing SMP
198.24.170.146:32448;PokePvP Network
158.85.69.137:65012;WreckedPVP
skybitspvp.net;SkyBits
mc.archanianetwork.com;Archania Network
mcnico.mcserver.ws;McNico 
85.131.230.142;Gate Of Destiny
RadnerCraft.net:25761;RadnerCraft Experimental
119.81.65.242;The Diamond SMP
pi-mc.us.to;Pi-MC
mc.clashcrafters.com;Clash of Crafters 
freedomcraft.co:25552;EclipseCraft
92.222.152.53:50003;EmpirePvP
mrmcfactions.us.to:25662;Miner Republic MC OPFactions
fanusa.gamehosting.it;Fanusa Server
wamcraft.nitrous.it;WamCraft
167.114.157.17:25567;Valhalla SMP
104.238.145.103:10120;Cheers Casual Gaming
ManipulatedMC.net;ManipulatedMC
185.38.148.32:25603;Lunar-Craft
77.163.59.198:30000;TeamVirus
lightscape.mcpro.co;LightScape
BattleNationz.com;BattleNationz
104.200.130.105;DimensionKraft
S5.hosthorde.com:25974;Poki-craft
69.195.134.96;MapleCraft
108.170.42.163;Dangercraft
public.earthrealm.net:25566;EarthRealm Public
play.pvpnetworks.net;PvP Networks
78.46.106.132:25576;Ikke alene
play.newavalonmc.com;New Avalon Mianite Reborn
ScPVP.ddns.net;ShadowCraft Official
198.50.228.245;CubeFarm
play.oxidinemc.com;OxidineMC
minehost97.host-unlimited.de:29000;Z212-Craft
vikkcraft.com;Vikkcraft
mc.pvphavoc.com;PVPHavoc
167.114.117.18:25570;Trails of the Forgotten | Warrior Cats
96.127.135.58;Forever Factions
mc.darkrealmspvp.net;DarkRealmsPvP
n12.csrv.pl:13615;Pvp Crafter
play.euphoriafactions.net;EuphoriaFactions
69.30.234.18:25590;The Nest
50.17.87.129;ANM Server
raidcraft.us;raidcraft
198.24.167.194:46326;GreenMcawTowns
73.13.225.28:25569;Creatable
66.85.150.11:25595;OpFactions
play.slimehub.net;SlimeHub Open soon
crystalred.mcpro.co;CrystalRed
server.meriland.es;Meriland
Mc.AddictivePvP.Com;AddictivePvP
mc.sentencedcity.tk;Sentenced City
23.95.30.140;mc.sebcraft.no
mc.beetleprison.com;BeetlePrison
network.pixelbude.org;Deutscher FeedTheBeast Server-Netzwerk
fg.pixelbude.org:25215;Deutscher FeedTheBeast FluxGalaxy
mc.pixelmonsterz.space;PixelMonsterz
survivalcraft.ignorelist.com;SurvivalCraft
76.164.208.106:34145;Populuscraft
167.114.116.145:25567;Castle Craft
94.23.7.181;Stainpvp
mc.eonpvp.org;EonPvP
play.blockedup.net;Blocked Up Prison
198.24.178.170:38733;OzCraft
pvp.originmc.org;ORIGIN
infinitycraftmc.beastmc.com;Infinity Craft
play.battlegroundpvp.co.uk;BattlegroundPvP
69.195.134.96;MapleCraft
lightningnetwork.mcs4.me;LightningNetwork
a-zpvp.com;A-ZPVP
mc-superlife.net;SuperLife
www.playstixxcraft.com;StixxCraft
mcthecave.com;McTheCave
37.187.25.7:26093;KerbalKing Server
96.43.133.93;Empire society 
Pvp.ImperialCraft.Co;ImperialCraft
167.114.118.218:25655;Palidia
66.85.128.90:28667;Formulation Network
mc.gustynation.net;GustyNation
198.143.135.236;Tacos Sky Block 
Pvp.imperialcraft.co:25980;ImperialCraft
LoveIsCellBlock4.HostHorde.Net;LoveIsCellBlock4
caymanpilot.nitrous.it;Caymanpilot Network
ATVROCKS.playat.ch;ATV-ROCKS
deviousfactions.org;Devious Factions
185.28.188.128:27331;EatenByPixels
play.minesystemmc.com;MineSystem
198.20.123.45;The_EPIC_Server
104.219.1.84;craftermaster
88.150.171.71;PokeCrafters
builderoasis.com;Builder Oasis
IcePvP.org;IcePvP
s48.hosthorde.com:26070;DMG Craft
ub.sytes.net;United Builds
mcshreddercraft.beastmc.com;ShredderSurvival
woodcrest.beastmc.com;Woodcrest
192.169.44.151;TheKnightMC
play.endermen.org;Endermen.org
2.104.157.7:25623;Dk Fun Server
dogdonuts.beastmc.com;Dog Donut Craft
173.199.75.169;Earocraft
smp.hollowednetwork.us;Hollowed Network
94.100.19.250:56854;HellCraft
87.104.211.74:25672;AlphaCraft
resfactions.mcph.co;ResFactions
play.planetbeacon.com;Planet Beacon
novanet.mcph.eu;NovaNet
37.59.130.170;GrayDragon
87.130.96.193;PhoenixMC
Fatal-Network.tk;Fatal-Network 
server01.island-quest.nu;Island Quest (SkyFactory 2)
mc.valescape.net;Valescape
Hydronous.net;Hydronous
mc.obsidianprison.com;ip is luckyprison.ddns.net
play.inflictedpvp.net;InflictedPvP
mc.hardblockgames.com;HardBlock Games
play.lemoncraft.me;LemonFreedom
mrpineapple119.mcpro.eu:25862;MineStorm SMP
188.40.132.200:25587;SlashStonePvp
cybercraft.speelmc.nl:25655;cybercraft
PvPCraft.nitrado.net;PvPCraft
minecraft.org.ru;LixWorlD
MC.WorldBuscus.com;esdfweszf
Dixel.minecraft360.de;Dixel
uk10.fragnet.net:25665;Silky-Factions
pvp.stormfactions.org;Storm Factions
185.38.148.54:25580;GameModePvP
192.95.46.116;VanquishMC
46.20.1.139:1248;TropikCraft
85.114.141.42:25818;DumderCraft
104.219.2.108;Technic Official BigDig
mc.oneirophilia.com;Oneirophilia
68.32.124.224;HeroCraft
swiftchampions.beastmc.com;SwiftChampions
Phijipvp.gamename.net;PhijiPvP
empire-mc.us.to;EmpireMC
185.38.148.55:25588;ExtremeAlliances 
Icefactions.mcph.co;IceFactions
encorepvp.org;Encore Network
192.99.44.75:27039;MineSurge
198.27.87.118:25592;Amplified Network
Play.OsFactions.Com;Omegaslam
ragnarokcraft.mcph.co;RagnarokCraft
scarcityfree.com;Scarcity Free
167.114.209.80:25638;CubeifyCraft
www.32megabytes.com;PixleCraft
play.apparitionprison.com;Apparition Prison | Need Staff
catz.us.to;catcraft
lvmc1.netherbyte.com:29358;BlazeKraft
Play.ArkhamMC.com;ArkahmMC
minecraft.samsplace.org.uk;Samsplace Hub Server
185.28.189.136:26354;Momentum
162.244.167.41:34907;GoatCraft
Mc.LegendsOfSurvival.com;Legends of survival
eu.norcraft.net;NorcraftNet
fadefantasy.beastmc.com;FadeFantasy
play.minecustoms.net;Minecustoms
5.255.85.211:26109;FreeWorldCraft
eu.pythonpvp.net;PythonPVP - KitPvP
ltdmc.mcserver.ws:25606;LiveToDie Minecraft
play.minepenguin.com;MinePenguin Club Penguin
UpriseMC.com;UpriseMC
5.10.110.103:47268;Kingdom of Reynes
mc.blockmc.us;BlockMC
198.23.206.254;Euphoria Craft
213.226.189.199;Minigame Extravaganza
172.245.4.162:26213;Perfect World
192.99.147.97:26922;MineDazePvp
bua.mcver.com;BuaCraft
ArcticHeart.com;ArcticHeart
73.174.170.19;Killerxgen1s
216.172.106.193;Zeux-Craft
mc.skyblueprison.com;SkyBlue Prison 
198.50.201.247:25566;MedievalPVP
venom.factions.ws;VenomousPvP
minecraftrealm.com;minecraftrealm
mc.wafflecorns.com;The Wafflecorn
factions.begeeked.com:25566;BeGeeked Factions
185.38.148.55:25588;ExtremeFactions
plasmacraft.ddns.net;Plasmacraft
Mozaiq.mcph.co;CausenCraft
Cometcraft.mcserver.ws;CometCraft
play.divinenetwork.eu:25951;DivineNetwork
pvp.rapidcraft.net;RapidCraft
play.multimining.de;Multimining-Netzwerk
play.EndLessPvP.mcnode.net;EndLessPvP
37.187.146.16:26970;OPcraft0
play-mf.eu;Minefrex
play.1head.net;1head
minecraftgames.com.br;CraftTf
212.83.189.132:28867;SoulCraft
play.gmslminecraft.com;Gmsl Minecraft
factions.franklingaming.org;Franklin Gaming Legacy PVP
DAMNCraft.playat.ch;Mind Craft
play.minexusmc.co.uk;Minexus Network - Survival
play.endercross.net;Endercross
PLAY.BIO;nonono
PLAY.BIO;nonono
192.99.39.154:5555;Poptartmarios Server
37.187.89.40:25979;CookieCraft
198.24.158.10:25580;Syphnic Network
37.59.13.194:25691;Cedarwood  Server
192.3.142.227;ForceCraft
fwilson.me;fwilsons Minecraft server
198.136.52.196;Creamcraft
167.114.102.203:25626;Darais
167.114.153.152;Zephyr
ionserver.us;IonServer.US
198.24.158.13:25590;ImpulseNetwork
www.minehit.com;MineHit
server.realminecraft.us;Real Minecraft
PrisonMines.Net;Disorbs Prison
178.248.200.68:25595;TorchMC
komara.eu;komara
play.sprindex.net;The Sprindex
4PvP.de;4Pvp.de
play.letscraft.net;Lets Craft
sweatersv.codns.com;WeaterServer
208.115.193.10;DarkRaidz
192.99.38.94:25629;ForestCraft
mc.limitedgaming.net;LTD-Craft
s35.hosthorde.com:26155;GlowCraft
unitedcraft.mcserver.ws;UnitedCraft
GlobalGuardiansMC.tk;GlobalGuardiansMC
62.210.45.100:12680;EboraCraft
play.ares-network.net;Ares Network
surfersservers.net;Surfer servers
96.234.205.96;EMc2 Free-Op Network
mc.stealthprison.org;StealthNetwork
minaria.mc-srv.com;Minaria
162.244.164.31;crazy server 
216.172.106.193;ZexuCraft
Infodous.Community;Infodous.Community
revolution.jpn.ph;Revolution Network
mc.instamc.com.br;InstaMC
mc.apocgaming.org:7852;APOC Agrarian Skies
5.196.83.57:41874;NinjaCraft
66.85.146.234:34712;PirateFactions & Prisons
play.elitewolf.net;Elite Wolf Craft
play.asharpminer.com;A Sharp Miner 18 plus
mc.simplesurvival.pw;Vanilla Simple Survival
carbon-mc.net;gg
CreativeFun.Eu;EconomySurvival
minecatalyst.com;MineCatalyst
167.114.137.147;AntCraft Factions
play.amongstgeeks.com;Amongst Geeks
mc.cyberpvp.us;CyberPvp
162.244.167.51:27048;Disciples of Decay
steelnation.mcph.eu;Steel Nation
mc.dynastypvp.us;DynastyPvP
mc.mazecraft.us;MazeCraft
play.infinitycharge.net;InfinityCharge
198.24.171.114:30998;Area50Something
sagemc.ddns.net:25569;Shadoweds Astute Gaming Elite Survival
afserver.mc-srv.com;Arcane Flame Economy - Towns - Fun
108.170.45.67:25675;Vanilla Craft
play.exceedpvp.com;ExceedPvP
69.175.27.187;thundercraft
167.114.103.186:36259;Minecraft Buddies
108.170.14.146:58410;TheStorm
198.143.150.74;Beaver Land
play.twistedprison.net;Twisted Prison
91.121.181.218:25569;EvilCraft
play.mc-factions.org;McFactions
survivalcraft.playat.ch;SurvivalCraft 
mc.artixmc.eu;ArtixMC | NetWork
184.154.104.50:56335;Alphacraft
88.150.171.88;Kingdom of Blys
play.vectormc.co;VectorMC
198.15.98.90:25575;DownRisingPVP
176.31.241.137:62269;PiggyCraft
LavaBeasts.mcph.co;LavaBeasts
iratuspvp.com;Iratus-PvP
pvp.SpSc.us;SpartanScape Factions/PvP/Creative
toomuchcake.mcph.co;Too Much Cake
play.pokeclash.com:25566;PokeClash
198.154.120.57;SlimePvP
play.blazingshaft.net;BlazingShaft 2.0 
198.154.109.118;Mystic Empire
Platinum.factions.ws;PlatinumVerse
sb.minelegion.us;MineLegion SkyBlock
es.vertexmc.net;VertexMC
192.169.44.130:25597;Guildford Craft
213.239.204.172;FaceNetCraft 2
server.elementanimation.com;Antilolcraft
play.empyrealmc.com;Empyreal Network
192.99.39.154:5555;Need Builders and Helpers
5.196.185.60;Liveapa
mc.team-agromat.de;Team-Agromat
Scarlet.SuperNoobs.net;super noobs
LioncraftMC.Net;Lioncraft Network
198.20.111.167;Saphirez Craft
198.24.185.74:62886;Minecraft Cake
play.newobios.com;NewObios
198.143.157.28;MidnightSurvival
wolfdensurvival.com;Wolfden Survival
TetraSurvival.beastmc.com;Tetra Medieval RP
ftb.spgn.net;SPGN FTB Ultimate
5.196.82.228:25649;Epic Economy
mcice.me:25566;IceCraft
KraftPvP.Com;KraftPvP
DKfoxcraft.beastmc.com;Dkfoxcraft
horizonpvpz.mcph.co;Staff Needed Soon HorizonPvPz
dauntlesspvp.beastmc.com;Dauntless PvP
ZanderCraft.mcserver.ws:25687;Zandercraft
37.187.141.62;MegaMadness
185.56.136.44:27013;JustFunGamers
192.210.136.231:25665;Trailblazer
server.medieval-realms.com:25969;Medieval Realms
cakehub.mcpro.co;Cake Hub
omgmc.net;Omgmc Networks
192.210.228.90;BlazingCraft
cakehub.mcpro.co;Cake Hub
cakehub.mcpro.co;CakeHub
minersnation.factions.ws;Miners Nation OP Factions
zambiecraft.mc-srv.com;Zambie Craft
chaoscraft.mcserver.ws:25622;ChaosCraftMC
luxcraft.us;Luxcraft
thepowermine.nitrous.it;PVP Universe
mc.aminalraids.com;AminalRaids
192.169.44.130:25597;Guildfordcraft Raiding Faction 
167.114.65.109:25574;MineFun
play.envtex.us;Envtex Survival
play.capitalmc.net;CapitalMC
192.99.19.187:25624;The Marquiland
jose.so;Joselandia
Instinctpvp.net;InstinctPvP Network
mc.Biomecraft.org;Biome Factions/PVP
ZebraFury.mcph.co;ZebraFury
cookiecraft.vgmc.us;CookieCraft
142.4.218.206:25767;Raymart
sks.mcph.co;Survive Kill Survive
104.218.100.175;Arandaria
mc.playauratus.net:25726;Auratus Network
mc.playauratus.net;Auratus Network
play.equinox-servers.net;Equinox Servers
Play.VortexRaidz.net;VortexNetWork
mc.shockstarnetwork.com;DarknessPVP
108.170.45.67:25675;Vanilla Craft
naughtycraft.net;Naughtycraft
purpleprison.net;purple prison
188.241.14.110;SteelTeam
play.ausfactions.com;Aus Factions
192.99.161.57:26642;MortalFactions
198.24.158.10:25580;Syphnic Server
217.79.182.206:26910;MCgamingNL
Play.HavenCraft.us;HavenCraft
167.114.158.78:25621;Op Factions
173.70.199.240;Bluehunter
pvp.tropicalbay.us;Tropical Bay
StepCraft.mcpro.co;StepCraft
RandomCraftNetwork.com;RCN
23.235.232.56:48610;Soluluser
ImpulsePrison.US;ImpulsePrison
icemc.ca;Icecream Sandwiches
lightning-craft.com;Lightning Craft
167.114.60.25;Velocity Network Economy Survival RP
mc.kryptechgaming.net;Kryptech Gaming
nomad.mcpro.co;NomadMC
mc.fluxprison.com;Flux Charity Prison
192.99.38.164;SpritezCraft
play.flan-z.net;Flan-Z Reloaded
play.centurypvp.us;CenturyPVP
EU.thebladecraft.uy.to;TheBladeCraft - Skywars EU
s.ipvp.de;iPvP
mc.sarc.biz;SarcaCraft
167.114.101.57:25604;OptimusRaids
play.wolfnation.org;wolfnation
insanegaming.mcpro.co;Insane Gaming
Pvp.EgoRiot.com;EgoRiot
mc.AbsolutionPVP.com;AbsolutionPVP
mc.AbsolutionPVP.com;AbsolutionPVP
mc.AbsolutionPVP.com;AbsolutionPVP
mc.AbsolutionPVP.com;AbsolutionPVP
play.terrocidepvp.net;TerrocidePvP
s1.minespan.com:25632;PixelNebula
VirtualMC.gamename.net;VirtualMC
mcexotech.mymc.io;Worldfall
marshmallowcraft.g-s.nu:40524;MarshMallowCraft
legacypvp.pw;LegacyPvP
SkyTime.ME;SkyTime.me x SkyPvP & SkyBlock
twc.ench.pl;TheWayCraft
theredstonenetwork.com:25750;The Redstone Network
play.minecraftroleplay.com;Survival RPG - mcmmo - Need Staff
mc.2programmers.net;SunCraft
play.minecraftroleplay.com;New Server - Need Staff
play.minecraftroleplay.com;mcmmo - RPG Server - Survival
play.minecraftroleplay.com;RPG - Survival - Levels - Factions
play.minecraftroleplay.com;Faction PVP - New Server
198.20.111.148;TheHeavenMiner
kingsize.playmine.nl;Kingsize
mc.popcornpvp.net;Popcornpvp - Network
mc.roomfive.eu:25865;RoomFive - Anarchy
play.euananddan.com;E&D Server
mc13.fadehost.com:26644;HackerCraft Server
horizonpvpz.mcph.co;Staff MAY be Needed
horizonpvpz.mcph.co;Book n Quill n Apply For Staff
horizonpvpz.mcph.co;HorizonPvPz
horizonpvpz.mcph.co;HorizonPvPz
185.38.148.40:25580;Alpha WolfCraft
yoobcraft.mcph.co;yoobcraft
play.herobrines.com;Herobrines
63.143.45.166;MineSquare
TheGoldCowCraft.beastmc.com;TheGoldCowCraft
capercraft.net;CaperCraft
mc.gnarlynarwhal.net;Gnarly Narwhal Network
192.198.206.220;Mason poke craft
neenancraft.mcph.co;NeenanCraft
zamble.eu;Zamble
107.161.31.119;endercraft
192.95.23.154;ForMyCraftServer
twertlepvp.mc-srv.com;TwertlePvP
192.99.14.122:25715;TrU Gaming
198.24.158.10:25580;Syphnic Server
ezpz.hosthorde.net:25816;EzPz
151.80.72.233;mc.UniverseCraft.com
play.titancrafts.net;titancrafts
ASIA.thebladecraft.uy.to;TheBladeCraft - Skywars (Asia)
deadmanprison.ddns.net;Deadman Prison
punkey.fluidreality.co.uk;Block Theatre
virexgames.net;VirexGames.Net
inkcraft.nitrous.it;InkCraft
play.Pandemicmc.org;PandemicMc
bloxgames.gamename.net;BloxGames
play.flawlesspvp.net;Flawless PvP
Penguinprison.net:55496;PenguinPrison
Main.MCParks.Us;MCParks
201.217.59.118:25568;Virtual Craft
mc-solarcraft.com;Solarcraft
stickygaming.factions.ws;StickyGaming
minemania.mcph.co;Mine Mania
167.114.158.78;ComplexMC Need Staff look In des or Ip
play.FacTrocity.com;FacTrocity
spartagames.no-ip.biz;Spartacraft MiniGames
23.95.116.30;Arrow PvP
mc.randompvp.com;RandomPvP Network
116.251.198.24;Valeria Survival
192.169.44.130:25597;Guildford craft
mc.twarton.uk;Twarton Survival/Creative
play.ShiPvP.com;ShiPvP Network
vanillaMC.g.akliz.net;Vanilla Mines
ToppleCraft.beastmc.com;ToppleCraft
play.solsticefactions.com;SolsticeFactions
192.210.236.53:25665;GrannyCraft
mchavoc.net;McHavoc
185.38.148.174:25575;Firepot
93.123.18.20;Dang3rPvP
190.115.28.151:26577;MineHero Games
mc.esports-tech.com;eSports Tech
CraftNation.mcserver.ws;CraftNation
my.enderchest.de;Enderchest
46.20.1.139:1125;SpiderCraft
108.170.45.67:25675;Vanilla Craft
AnVilliansPvp.mooo.com;Anvillianspvp
162.244.167.21:33452;CronicMC
gameofstones.dmch.nl:25655;GameOfStones
37.187.167.172:40487;BulgarianCraft 
play.mc-haze.com;timofey
frop.us;Frop - Free OP
play.belotinski-minecraft.ovh;Belotinski
dakkat.beastmc.com:26013;DSDCraft
192.99.211.255;Marvel Pvp
play.metropvp.us;MetroWarzone
198.52.168.133:33522;Turtle Shell Gaming
134.255.237.50;RetroPvP
CarnageFactions.apexminecraft.com;CarnageFactions
mc.dreadpvp.ninja:25620;DreadPvP
198.24.158.13:25715;TheRedPigFarmer
99.113.46.125;CraftChan
play.lilvillemc.com;LiLVille Minecraft Server
198.12.123.156;MiniGamesInfinity
Play.OverkillPvP.net:25908;Overkill
elusive.factions.ws;Elusive
craftandmine.net;CraftMineNetwork||Need Staff|Factions
morrisoncraft.hosthorde.net:26274;Morrison Server
beastnet.us.to;Beast Network
sg1.mcnetworksg.net;MCNet (Singapore)
167.114.1.212;BlazeMC
play.last-craft.com:60954;momy
mc.pandapvp.tk;PandaPvP | SkyPvP
minearcadia.com;MineArcadia
play.brokenpvp.com;BrokenPvP
pulseprison.com;PulseOpPrison
167.114.53.17;Saplingcraft
play.fractionitenetwork.com;FractioniteNetwork
88.150.158.202;Wizards Rage
BlueSkyMc.de;BlueSky
icyblade.gamename.net;Icyblades version 2
93.91.250.145:27860;CraftGame
Worldofpvp.on.vg;World Of PvP
PvPOnGalactic.mcph.co;GalacticPVP
xenonsmp.connectminecraft.com;Xenon Survival
SpartaNetwork.org;Sparta Network
server.pillagecraft.com;PillageCraft
lemonworld.us.to;Lemon World
porocraft.us;Porocraft
mc.nodex.net;Nodex
s.iCreeperCraft.ru;iCreeperCraft
play.skyblocks.org;Skyblocks
46.174.53.78;FoRuCraft - 1000 levl no dupe clans
play.DMPNetwork.net;DMPNetwork
mc.apollocraft.ml;Apollo Craft
chrisso.dyndns.org:25566;Cams Place
mc.enderstylus.net;EnderStylus
MCRiotcraft.com;RiotCraft Network
208.115.245.199;minesun network
ilysium.mcpro.co;The Ilysium
dcgnetwork.net:29733;DCGNetwork
mineslam.me;Rigiroaaaa
emeraldmoss.net;Emerald Moss
46.228.200.140;Ceranox Medieval Minecraft Server
play.thexodus.org;TheXodus
85.131.230.102;Minebrick
hub.veraticmc.net;ArenaCraft321
185.38.148.39:25695;Tayto Factions
mc.jaecallow.co.uk;Callow Craft
squawkycraft.beastmc.com;SqauwkCraft GTM MC Server
104.254.238.100;Elite Universe Reborn
quartzcrafts.mcph.co:26293;QuartzCraft
mc.oneunited.co;OneUnited
162.244.166.41:25820;DerpyPig
108.170.45.67:25675;Vanilla Craft
EquationCraft.net;EquationCraft
109.169.89.226;PokePals
162.244.165.21:53827;Pieland Factions
beercraft.mcpro.co;Beercraft
185.28.188.151;We Still Stand
96.127.135.58:29386;BEERcraft - minecraft for mature adults
capercraft.net;CaperCraft
162.244.167.21:33934;Amzacraft
23.92.215.27;Jayz Craft
mcrecstation.apexminecraft.com;rcording survival 
limitedmc.net;LimitedMC
192.99.21.123:26587;FireRising
148.251.81.84:25761;PrixizMC
mc.darkcraft.org;Scarletnetworck
s45.hosthorde.com:25966;Rogue Craft
Play.Hyper-Chunk.Net:25665;HyperChunk
pixelbox.mcph.eu;Pixel Craft
play.mcbattlecraft.us;VotifierTest
167.114.116.145:25702;AfroCraft
167.114.156.184;GodLionCraft
play.mc-minesmash.com;MineSmash
krizbelsdynasty.mcph.co;Krizbels Dynasty
167.114.156.184;GodLionCraft
vanillahigh.net;Vanilla High
play.bluesky.net.au;Bluesky
railgame.de;RailGame.de | BedWars | KitPvP
37.59.178.0:25649;InfernalSky
vexasmc.tk;VexasMC
fourgamersnl.mcplay.nl;De FourGamersNL Server
Play.Invictacraft.com;InvictaCraft
play.mcunity.org;Unity
play.skyplanetmc.net;Sky Planet
72.46.139.114:26280;BendingReborn
mc1.xenogamers.com;Xeno Gamers
192.99.143.7;Multi-PvP
mc.spit-fire.org;Spit Fire Network
mc.villagecraft-server.com;Villagecraft
192.169.44.130:25597;Guildford Craft
op.3dprison.com;3D Prison
CloudCraftnet.beastmc.com;CloudCraft
73.140.104.130;Risen Nation
pixelgixel.mcpro.co:46512;PixelGixel
thecrewvp.mcpro.co;TheCrewVp
Sky.Himni.Se;Himni Survival 
thegs.beastmc.com;The Gs
play.furiouscraft.info;FURIOUS craft faction potion pvp
play.mooncreft.com:27257;Mooncreft
play.EvasiveMC.com;Evasive
mc.minecraftmuffin.com;MineCraft Muffin
vtownhood.mymc.io;Assassins Craft
119.81.145.70:63473;NetFlixCraft
play.back2thevoid.com;Back2TheVoid
198.23.203.82;Tech world 2 Adventure
mcparty.serverminer.com:26373;MC-Party
magicalparks.mcpro.co;Magical Parks
198.24.171.34:37192;Vanilla Isle
play.demonicpvp.net;DemonicPvP
EliteKits.net;EliteKits
LegendzPvP.tk;LegendzPvP
COMPIX2.nitrous.it;COMPix Need Donations
play.gtamc.net;gtamc
5.255.85.199:27107;beastcraft
37.187.143.226:41265;CrazyGaming 
play.buker.net;Buker Network 
play.jarpvp.com;JarPvP
mc.fluxprison.com;Flux Prison
awkwardcraftpvp.com:27205;AwkwardCraftPvp
167.114.102.222;Haolecraft
KryptonicPvP.mcpro.co;Kryptonic PvP
cryptofactions.mcph.co;CryptoFactions
play.mcbattlecraft.us;ChickenBalls
apoliocraft.gamename.net;ApolioCraft
play.tribalpvp.net;TribalPvP - Factions PvP Economy Main
blitzfactions.mcph.co;Blitz Factions
kombatfactions.mcpro.co;KombatFactions
104.219.1.102:25572;Skarsky
192.99.161.57:25709;DerxCraft
syhsurvival.com;Syh Survival
play.betadev.co.uk;BetaDev
wertycraft.com;WertyCraft
mc.pvp-cubed.com;PVP Cubed | Factions | Plots| Minigames
mc.fluxprison.com;FluxPrison
23.95.30.197;TheTurtleNetwork
spigot.minepurist.net;Minepurist
198.20.66.251;Universal Crafters
mc.scworks.us;Scworks
s11.hosthorde.com:26129;Incision Network
Sapharus.net;Sapharus Survival
69.175.36.76;NovaCraft
pixelplexnetwork.mcph.eu;PixelPlexNetwork
192.99.19.209:26025;LineArk
88.150.146.59;Valykrie Realms
CraftNation.mcserver.ws;CraftNation
chrisandfriends.beastmc.com;RustCraft
mc.smilekrub.net;Smilekrub Real ID
ghost.smilekrub.net;Smilekrub Ghost ID #1
mc.smilekrub.net:25566;Smilekrub Ghost ID #2
167.114.102.147:25730;DiamondAge SMP
silvercraft.serverminer.com;Silvercraft
play.bosscraftmc.net;Bosscraft
151.80.78.207:28913;MC-seurakunta
5.196.76.80:25674;BuilderBox - Dansk Survival Server
cubecraftgames.net;skywarspvp
cubecraftgames.net;skywarspvp
mc.orangecraft.net;OrangeCraft
livestrongcraft.servegame.com;LivestrongCraft
GenesisPvP.us;GenesisPvP Factions
thecoolcraft.mcph.co;TheCoolCraft
mc.ptrkraft.net;PtrKraft
klinkykraft.factions.ws;KlinkyKraft
184.95.61.124;HearthNetwork
192.169.44.9:25925;Crafting lords
TheMainFrame.factions.ws;TheMainFrame
lightraze.mymc.io;LightRaze
survivalcraft2.gamename.net;SurvivalCraft
cakewave.csrv.pl;Cake Wave
craftnation.mcserver.ws;craft nation
37.228.138.88;SkyFly
185.38.148.174:25597;SuperSheepGames
Bosspvp.net;BossPvP - staff needed - 
play.earthwalkermc.net;EarthWalker MC Server
miersch.duckdns.org;Yannis Miersch
play.wantedmc.net;WantedMC 
167.114.1.211:25761;FerlessFactionzz
208.115.193.37;KiffinMC Pixelmon
lepus.beastmc.com;LEPUS Vanilla
192.99.19.73:26597;PixelCraft
198.24.178.122:36031;Land of Roleplay and Homestuck
minecraft.radzgaming.com:25585;Radz Gaming Community Server
mc.chickenslab.com:25105;Chicken Slab
77.111.202.169;OldSpice
mc.deathbite.es;DeathBite
mc.parkercraft.it;Parkercraft
69.175.118.2;Swegpvpcraft 
play.crackymc.nl;CrackyMC
mcparty.serverminer.com:26373;MCParty
198.24.165.2;WasabeeCraft
play.iceycraft.us;IceyCraft
88.150.171.13;EmpireCraft
94.23.121.150:25571;EmpireCityMC
119.81.145.66:32887;barkadzltd
fancygame.mcph.co:49250;FancyGame
vincendopvp.beastmc.com;VincendoPvP
bomc.shockbyte.com;BlueOgreMC
162.244.165.131:45756;The Legacy Begins
bravecraft.serverminer.com:18352;BraveCraft (prob gonna change)
oasisunited.mcpro.eu:40524;TheOasisMC
10h.livemc.net:300;mgggg
battlefactor.beastmc.com;BattleFactor Faction Guns Drugs
game.Xtria.com.au;Xtria
AlpGamesTR.Nitrado.net:10400;AlpGamesTR
elyeramc.fluctis.com:25949;TopSpain
KnavePvP.mcph.co;KnavePvP
Play.UltraCrafter.Com;UltraCrafter Factions-Guns HungerGames
knoxcraft.uk.to;Knoxcraft
play.fenixpvp.com;FenixPvP
mysticalcraft.mcalias.com;MysticalCraft Needs staff|Factions|Pvp|
play.elusivepvp.net;ElusivePvP
189.1.171.35;WildCraft
thedominion.mcph.co;The Dominion
infinity-mc.com;-Down For Matinence-  Infinity-MC
s2.minespan.com:25669;MineRex
198.24.178.162:44347;MCWonder Parks
192.95.23.154;LostBMX
play.ClashMC.co;ClashOfFactions
thepwnage.g.nfoservers.com;The Pwnage Fun Server
23.95.30.248;AwesomeNation Survival Whitelisted
198.50.252.117;Athcapade An Island of Inquisition
188.212.102.88;playmc.freakz.ro
95.141.32.170:60109;Blocklands
VoyagerCraft.beastmc.com;VoyagerCraft
185.38.148.54:25595;Minedex Network
play.vespamc.com;Vespa Network
valkyriagaming.com;ValkyriaGaming.com
mc.ryzingfactions.com;RyzingFactions
69.175.97.42:65250;StarCrafteria 
198.27.82.46:25571;MinePark
CrusherPvP.beastmc.com;CrusherPvP
tdnofficial.nitrous.it;The Diamond Network
167.114.101.146;Gaming Revolution
play.superiorfactions.com;Superior Factions
69.175.36.60;EtherealMiners
achencraft.myriapulse.com;Achencraft
SpartaNetwork.org;Sparta Network
Play.FortunateMC.com;FortunateMC
108.170.22.58;Swaggy Factions
46.174.50.107;Tipi-craft
192.99.20.76:25602;InsanitySMP
mundominer.sytes.net;Mundominer
vcpvp.net;Viking Craft
192.198.92.66:26092;BendIt Minecraft Bending
twilight.mydns.jp;Twilight Server from Japan
play.mockagames.zz.mu;MockaNetWork (KitPvP  Minigames e Minas)
play.mcgamer.net;MCGamer Network
192.99.47.154:25917;Eleftheria
play.risenpvp.com;RisenPvP
catnetworkmc.mcph.co;Cat Network
104.200.132.202;Mega realms
72.46.136.202:26354;NTA Tonwy
mc.kongz.org;KongZ Factions
VirtualMC.gamename.net;VirtualMC Survival
168.1.74.8:54234;Robys NZ Survival
65.60.0.178;KongZ
toxicdrugs.ddns.net;Toxic Drugs
gaincraft.beastmc.com;GainCraft
62.210.196.219:27314;TheLastCraft
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
play.theminecraftknight.com;KnightzMC
hub.hexomc.net;HexoMC
halirealms.ddns.net;Halirealms
pokegala.xyz;PokeGalaxy
46.4.60.2:25617;Graviticraft
minehost121.host-unlimited.de:28890;CreepBot-Hive
162.244.166.91:61343;Flashing PVP
188.212.101.133;VntNetwork
minecraft.metaatag.org;Metaatag
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
play.arcadiamc.net;ArcadiaMC
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
69.46.26.170:25749;Admirari Community Server
play.classicblocks.net;Classic Blocks
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
192.99.0.107:25582;MedievalTimes
JZRaidz.beastmc.com;JZRaidz
mc.s4pack.com;Sssserver
216.172.101.149;ApexPvp
LTcraftmc.mcph.co;LTCraft
pvp.legacyfaction.uk;Legacy Factions
46.253.196.184:25865;BubbleCraft
158.85.102.107:35944;TribeCraft
Op-Castle.net;Op-Castle
crackcraft.beastmc.com;Crackcraft
us.finessekits.com;FinesseKits
play.pandigmacraft.com:25592;PandigmaCraft
skyblock.revisionhosting.net;Revision Skyblock
mc.ratchetcraft.com:26094;RatchetCraft
crimsonfactions.com;CrimsonFactions
play.arsonmc.net;ArsonMC
CCMMO.net;McProz
play.humblecraft.uk:25585;Humble craft
ChromeDiamondMC.mcpro.co;ChromeDiamondMC
dingoprison.beastmc.com;Dingoprison
minehost44.host-unlimited.de:28970;Hive-Cracked.tk
play.salapp.org:25631;De mellor server
192.99.200.121:25694;Legendary Phoenix
mc.epicraftmc.net;Epicraft
TimeForgames.dmch.nl;TimeForGames
factions.olympusn.com;Olympus Networks
play.corecraft.me;Corecraft Hub
mc.kotct.us;Knights of the Craft Table
mcdrugs.net;MCDrugs
www.gamesonhard.com;GOH - Digging Zombies
198.143.131.138;Mystic Pvp
192.187.111.170;R-trees Minecraft Server
mcplay-RealmOfHeroes.com;Realm Of Heroes
mcplay-RealmOfHeroes.com;Realm Of HeroesMC
mine.wksarea.it;wksarea ITA
94.23.49.222;SynergyFactions
198.143.157.68;BedRockCraft
play.minelife.dk;Minelife
www.darktowercraft.com;Darktower
s50.hosthorde.com:25923;Aether Prison
funkyfactions.com;Funky Factions
play.minelantis.net;Minelantis
mc.hypixel.net;Hyoixel
play.genflow.net;GenFlow Kingdoms
PhoenixCraftMC.com;PhoenixCraft Creative
s2.minespan.com:25669;niko3322
mc.RaZerNetwork.net;RaZerNetwork
198.24.166.242:43342;Uprising Pixelmon
mc.NeppoPrison.com;NeppoPrison
Play.DreamTC.Asia;MineExtreme
texas.dlinkddns.com;TexasCraft
188.165.245.196:25592;SpaceMineMC
192.210.230.209;JestistRuse
royserver2.com;Lands of Erinthos - Aertis Haven
mc.dominocraft.net;DominoCraft
5.200.23.186:26746;PartyNetwork
craft50.crystal-serv.com:29705;GobelinLand
bnetwork.fmc.pw;Blah Network
thundersurvival.mcjoin.eu;thundercraft
nemesisfactions.com;Nemesis Factions
162.245.1.202;DPHogwarts
162.244.164.41:39038;Newfound Survival
n-forces.com;Kokomoko world
198.144.179.8;Ruined Realms
mc.budcraft.co;Bud Craft
Platinum.factions.ws;PlatinumFactions
104.200.132.212;The Meadows
play.leotube.com;LeoTube - Factions
37.228.137.85;Gargantia PvP
192.99.21.75:28038;Fallout Apoc Server
Realitycraft.us:26682;Reality Craft
suncraft.mcph.co;SunCraft
play.lenara.uk;Lenara Worlds
diamondnetworkmc.mcph.co;JungleCraft
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
185.38.148.169:25583;MadCraft
Play.ShowTimePvP.com;ShowTime PvP
sks.mcph.co;Survive Kill Survive
buttercraft.mine.nu;buttercraft.mine.nu
198.23.247.92;WreckMC
5.10.110.101:56922;Cat Network
192.99.161.56:26040;ZCraft
mc.syntheticmc.com;SyntheticMC
thcf.mcalias.com;ThunderHCF
37.187.149.13:30026;Mystic Quest Smp
185.38.148.54:25594;MilkFlower
hyperia-mc.fr;Hyperia
prominers.de;ProMiners
omega-mc.com;eternal realms
mylifecraft.mine.nu;Mylifecraft 
play.virtual-mc.net;Virtual-MC
play.volcanicpvp.org;VolcanicPvP
fac.mcsupremacy.xyz;Supremacy
play.wizardsmine.com;WizardsMine
185.38.148.41:25596;Venomcraft V2
play.unitedmining.network;United Mining Network
162.244.165.83;KarnagePVP
TeamThnxCya.net;TeamThnxCya
OPMinecraft.com;OPMinecraft
192.99.47.154:25954;The Dimension
mctartiflette.com;McTartiflette
play.hazard-gaming.co.uk;Hazard Gaming
mineflow.network;Mineflow PVP
omgmc.net;Omgmc Networks
GLAZEDMC.mcpro.co;Glazed MC
tosumc.us;TosuMC
ripstickcraft.mcph.co;RipStickCraft
167.114.100.168;Quacker Craft
Mc.PixeLegacy.net;PixeLegacy
108.170.22.58:56715;Blazing Fury
168.1.74.17:33293;RCTCraft
TheCorner.serverminer.com:26049;The Corner
maliciousmc.com;Malicious
178.32.234.33;PunchWood
198.20.110.189;Bazingafalls
skydiams.omgcraft.fr:10703;Sky-Diams
176.31.10.203;TheBlue Prison
136.243.36.168:25583;Reythem
ggu.nitrado.net;GGU Minecraft
play.mc-nbm.com:25680;NBM Network
198.143.140.85;KoH Minecraft
8.38.77.84;ScallyWags
s11.hosthorde.com:26030;ExilePvP
BreachPvP.mc-srv.com;BreachPvP
play.couragepvp.us;Courage PvP
185.38.148.33:25609;ZigguratGaming
s-r.pw;Sky Realms Network
mcchaotic.net;Chaotic Network Factions
mc.acefactions.com;AceFactions
ambitionpvp.net;AmbitionPvP
p1.minefrost.net;MineFrost OP Prison
178.63.26.8:25585;CrioxCraft
Hyther.org;Hyther
Godoftnt.nn.pe:25575;Godoftnt
PigNetwork.mcplay.nl:25960;PigNetwork
cryptic-mc.com;CrypticMC
Platinum.Factions.ws;Platinum Factions
198.50.133.100;Blizzard MC
play.tntgoesbang.com;The CloudCraft Network
162.255.214.77;Royal Rebels 
167.114.163.195;TheAwkwardNetwork
shadow-servers.net;Shadow Network
198.143.150.17;Ajax Gaming
cybercraft.fmc.pw;CyberCraft
167.114.156.212:25681;PrismarinePrison
invictusnetwork.net;InvictusMC
s34.hosthorde.com:25892;BrotherHood-PvP
crisppvp.us;CrispPvP
opulentmc.com:25587;OpulentMC
198.24.128.234:25881;WickedNation
192.99.24.134;SquishyCraft
aquarium.bukkit.nl;Aquarium Network
play.breakingmc.net;BreakingMC
play.VeloxityMc.net;VeloxityMc
198.27.104.84;HypnosMC
eu.mcgamer.net;HDCraft
OriginalcraftHub.mcsrv.eu;OriginalCraft
vortexcraft.mymc.io;VortexCraft
66.85.150.11:25780;Airflex
minecraft1.lapiscraft.net:25567;LapisCloud Modded Servers
minerpvp.mcpro.co;MinerPvP
rewinside.tv;Flayerlp
gamearea.craft.gg:12723;GameArea
basicbuildcraft.tk;BasicBuildCraft
mc-epk.mine.nu;EpkGames
BlitzkriegMC.com;BlitzkriegMC
play.MajesticPrison.com;Majestic Prison
play.tgcgames.eu;TGCGames Network
play.novauniverse.org;NovaUniverse
moecraft.mc-srv.com;MoeCraft
mc.islandmania.com.br;IslandMania
167.114.156.212:25648;CookieGalaxyPvP
mc.sleekgamers.com;SleekGamers.com Minecraft
s25.hosthorde.com:26063;FusionGaming
KillerDayZ.us.to;KillerDayZ
icefactions.mcph.co;IceFactions
gogamingofficial.com;GO Gaming Server
play.clashnia.com;Clashnia
198.154.115.36;Captain Craft 
mc.craft.lv;KillerCraft
109.247.82.203:25853;eg server
learncraft.angrymage.com:25566;Learncraft
188.212.101.79;SkilledCrafting
play.activator-mc.net;Activator Network
Benefitcraft.me;Benefitcraft - Factions - PVP - Economy
play.ultrablockmc.net;UltraBlockMC
mc.emeraldnetwork.de;EmeraldNetwork
173.236.100.218:27135;BallisticCraft
togcraft.nitrous.it;TogCraft
mc.nechron.net;Nechron
play.nestmc.tk;MuffinCraft
magitechworld.com;MagiTechWorld
playmysticpvpmc.net;MysticPvpMC
75.127.0.102:25665;New Age Anarchy (PVP) Balanced
mcmuucraft.fmc.pw;MuuCraft PvP
94.23.39.44:25625;HumanCraft
ddd.st-ho.de:25004;Daisys Delightful Domicile
mc.corpcraft.es;CorpCraft
tmz.mcpro.eu;TheMinecraftZone Survival
snowmc.4twenty.us;SNOW KitPvP
5.62.70.68;PXLBOW
185.38.148.167:25572;RiTzCraft
104.236.135.95;Zombie Nation
play.bendersempire.com;Benders Empire
play.crypticrealms.org:3750;Cryptic Realms
play.crypticrealms.org:3750;Cryptic Realms
mc.bucket-craft.net;BucketCraft
23.235.252.200;FatalityFactions
play.thehypemc.com;TheHype
ms9.hicoria.com:25545;BuildCore Skyblock Creative
198.24.171.34:37192;Vanillaisle
91.121.132.131;QuadMC
play.killswitchmc.com;KillSwitchMC
167.114.100.112:25678;TopPrison
99.113.46.125;CraftChan v1
play.savagerealms.org;SavageRealms
play.mineburn.eu:25583;MineBurnPvP
s48.hosthorde.com:25812;Ultra Lunar Crafters
mc.raptureplex.de;Raptureplex_Minecraft-Leben
188.40.132.200:25570;ZemCraft
104.36.85.38;CrewCraft Prison Server
69.30.238.218:25595;OP Night Prison
play.theholemc.us;TheHoleMC
142.4.217.80:25813;SkypeCraft
evillemc.ddns.net;EvilMC
play.ChaoticCraft.us:25810;ChaoticCraft
playmysticpvpmc.net;MysticPvpMc
184.95.42.174;VoidPvP
cloud.gamersvoip.net;NewCraft
s21.hosthorde.com:25864;OpalCraft
mc.lootcrate.com;Loot Craft
37.187.167.191:41718;GhostCraft
MC.Authima.ML;AtomicCrafted
hub.ecb-mc.net;BMX
mc.fundk.net;FunDK
destined.pw;Destined
PulsePrison.com;PulsePrison
join.nitrous.it;Nitrous Network
MasterMindFactions.mcph.co;MasterMind Factions
94.23.23.222:25690;TheGamingServer
mc.Thunder-NetWork.net;Thunder NetWork
dauntlesspvp.mcnode.net;Dauntless Factions
Retropvp.shockbyte.com;Retropvp
play.cosmicpvp.me;cosmic
76.164.208.106:34145;Populous Craft
192.227.136.107:25665;Brothers and Sisters of Solitude
198.135.190.100:25571;VolticNetwork
108.170.22.58;BlazingFury
darkcraft.org;Scarletnetworck
WTFactive.net;WTFactive Network
WTFactive.org;WTFactive Community
WTFactive.us;WTFactive Net
Pvplife.co;WTFactive Company
Minecraftier.net;Minecraftier
20.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
mchost.co;McHost
mythicelcookie.com:26166;MythicelCookie
mcparty.serverminer.com:26373;MC-Party.
pvp.razorpvp.ca;RazorPvP
server.herorealms.org;Herorealms Airships Factions Guns Pets
play.cookcraft.net;CookCraftNetowrk
alisonmc.co.uk;Melodic_Hatchet
mc.BestSurvivalTR.net;mc.BestSurvivalTR.net
ImprisonedMC.mcph.co;ImprisonedMC
sandwichcraft.net;Sandwich Craft
nothing.cubexmc.net;SupernovaPvP
104.219.5.19;Aslhax OpPvP
dynamotech.mcph.eu;Dynamotech
144.76.219.109:25579;Trifixion
Warrior.spillvert.no;DragonWorld
96.127.135.61;Fight Kingdom
hoi.mcph.co;Heroes of Illyricum
cosmicpvp.com;CosmicPvP
198.50.158.66;NetherRealms
theflaremc.gamename.net;TheFlare
21.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
162.244.164.31:49360;AsassinCraft
expressmc.beastmc.com;ExpressMC
mc.playminecraft.net;PlayMinecraft
ayla.quebec;Ayla.quebec
enderop.net;EnderOP
play.piggy-craft.eu;PiggyCraft
Play.ClashMC.co;ClashOfFactions
mc.synergyserver.net;Synergy
DynaxionGaming.beastmc.com;Dynaxion Gaming
37.228.136.6;BambusTopia
192.210.229.50;Lexicon Factions
159.8.75.37:31693;FuriousPvP
mc.clania.net;Pegassi
whoviancraft.mcph.co;WhovianCraft
demented-leopard.mc-srv.com:24333;Demented World
104.254.233.34; Knoxhacks Gaming FTB Trident
shadowlegacy.spartanhost.net;Shadow Legacy
104.219.5.19;Aslhax OpPvP
178.32.111.110:28665;TierraMine - MoDs
mc.vintagefactions.com;Vintage Factions
godempire.minecraft.to;GodEmpire
135.23.42.165;Titanium Network
167.114.8.36;PrimeTeams
atomicwafflerealms.mcpro.co:41703;AtomicWaffleRealms
206.217.141.27;Thunder Legends
mcparty.serverminer.com:26373;MC-PartyandSurvival 
awes0mecraft.com;Awes0mecraft
play.montycraft.com;TitanMC
excavationpvp.com;ExcavationPVP
RetroMC.tk;RetroMC
31.3.235.226;Robz Minecraft Server
192.99.21.71:27751;PownedPvP
192.99.21.71:27751;PownedPvP
plg.mcpro.eu;Pro Legend Network
AmazinNetwork.McAlias.Com;AmazinNetwork
198.50.222.100;Aiden
play.altheamc.net;AltheaMC
192.99.149.167;BiffCraft
192.95.55.125;HearthCraft
legendaryraidz.com:55592;LegendaryRaidz
play.puppymc.com;PuppyCraft
S41.hosthorde.com:26081;Shotter Army Network
173.234.234.141:25605;TGG World
91.121.21.54:25733;GangMine
108.170.8.146:43386;ExtremeCheeseNetwork
play.wearypvp.us;WearyPvp
TTFan.mcserver.ws;TwilightTown
agedpvp.pw;AgedPvP
ecsurvival.tk:25929;EmeraldSurvival
mckite.kr;kite
play.mchilled.net;MChilled
168.1.74.15:29745;Arestians Of Dawn
22.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
185.38.149.42:25582;ArkenCraft
solarcrafters.mc-srv.com;Solarcraft
dlusionist.mine.nu:25563;847s MC server
endcraft.ddns.net;End Craft
186.2.164.196;CubeCraftNetwork
167.114.117.231:25962;MerlinParksMC
167.114.193.233;DownTownPvP
7h.livemc.net:6500;pxzzzzzzz
Play.ArcadiaPvP.net:25585;ArcadiaPvP
McAxel.net;McAxel
107.6.188.74:26280;BarnyardMC
213.239.202.156:25594;SteZCraft (KitPvp - Faction - Games)
37.187.146.16:27218;Guild of the Gods
creepyminez.mcjoin.eu;Creepy Minez
s11.hosthorde.com:26129;Incision Network
192.95.31.63:25581;Goldrincraft
rsrenegade.mcserver.ws;Redstone Renegade
nesconline.no-ip.org;NESC Online
IntenseMilitary.beastmc.com;Intense Military
mobscraft.mcpro.co;MobsCraft
craftic.mcph.co;Craftic
108.170.6.138;Canadiancraft
play.voigtlandmc.net;VoigtlandMC
thunder.fadehost.com:25768;Thunder Skies
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
DragonVault.mcserver.ws:25740;Dragon Vault
62.210.232.168:12666;BetterFaction
stonecoldpvp.beastmc.com;Stonecoldpvp
stonecoldpvp.beastmc.com;Stonecoldpvp
198.50.128.176;TechPVP OP Factions 24/7 Custom plugins
urprison.com;UrPrison
urprison.com;UrPrison
urprison.com;UrPrison
37.187.159.40;Emerge Factions Brand new server
217.160.178.87:55588;Master of Desaster
185.38.149.42:25582;ArkenCraft
play.evopvp.net;EvoPvP
play.keralis.net;Keralis
46.20.1.66:1139;HsKServer
play.pixelmine.org;PixelMine.ORG Survival
mc.pixdemic.net;Pixdemic Network
icg.mcph.co;Icecraft gaming
sharpness.mcph.co;SharpnessPvP (Factions)
infiniterealm.ddns.net;InfiniteRealm Survival
162.244.167.31:36927;The Founding Four A Hogwarts Server
108.170.22.58:28023;Jajocraft
infinity.skyreachmc.com;Skyreach Infinity
cookiecraftserver.mc-srv.com:25766;Cookiecraft (Remove port)
s3.minespan.com:25726;The Colony Server
52.1.188.82;The Best Smp Ever
mc.savvypvp.com;SavvyPVP
theblocklife.net;TheBlockLife
198.24.168.226:50861;PumpkinPiePixelmon
GS39.swifthosting.dk:25587;Byg et hus & lav en snap
CommunityCraft.de:25595;Communitycraft.
mcmd.teachnima.org:25696;TeachNimas Kingdom of Fiore
nectic.mcph.co;nectic 
n11.csrv.pl:13562;Minecraft Server RPG
192.99.124.24;DutchMC
play.mianitemc.com;Mianite
pvp.justaddbacon.net;JustAddBacon OP Factions
104.219.5.19;Aslhax OpPVP
167.114.165.186;Revivalist Network
clockwork.factions.ws;Clockwork Factions
mcgc.pl;mcgc.pl GoldenCraft mcgc.pl
Lostwave.com;Lostwave
167.114.0.221:25650;RaidPVP - FactionsPVP
arcadeznetwork.mcph.co;ArcadeZ OP Factions
66.85.150.13:25625;MasterCraft
play.cubecraftgames.net;cubecraft
mc.hypixel.net;hypixel
mc.gameking.com.br;GameKing Survival SkyWars  TNTrun
slodiggers.no-ip.org;Slodiggers
22.konsider.com;Friendly Survival and Games Server
UltraMine.us.to;UltraMine
reincraft.mcpro.eu:35998;ReinCraft
mc.newagegamers.net;NewAgeGamers
Play.ArcadiaMC.eu:27995;Arcadia
69.46.2.146:25766;WoolCraft
freeluxcraft.nitrous.it;Freeluxcraft
play.mysticraft.net;Mysticraft
Equinox.tmcn.co:25591;Equinox-Factions
UnityPlex.hosthorde.net:26047;UnityPlex
Play.Hexxit.Org;Hexxit
alphinia.bluedragoninc.com;AlphiniaMC
192.99.98.222:26201;ClubMasters
Siecraft.gamename.net;Siecraft.dk
starforce.ddns.net;StarForce
undeadpixel.mcsrv.eu;Undead Pixel
mineplex.eu;Tridon Network
69.175.43.4;SuperiorNation
icebox.mcpro.co;Icebox
198.20.123.34;Bazingafalls
Play.ExoPvP.net;ExoPvP
incendiaryprison.org;IncendiaryPrison
MelonGalaxy.com:25803;MelonGalaxy
play.greekpvp.net;GreekPvP
PVP.Revoliath.net;Revoliath
montreal.bisecthosting.com;MontrealCraft 
mc.creepercountry.com;Creepercountry
chibicrafts.mcph.co;Chibi Craft
play.icepvp.eu;IcePvP
theeclipsenetwork.org;The Eclipse Network
mc.happy-hg.com;happy hunger games network
house.simpvp.net;The Simpsons House
178.20.170.79:25674;BMCraft
192.99.9.154:30296;ablancecraft
play.gizmonmc.com;Gizmon
SkyMoon.eu;SkyPvP | SkyMoon.eu
paradise.craftlandia.com.br:1818;Paradise
184.154.97.45;EndCraft-Survival
thefreaks.eu;TheFreaks
play.Blockedup.net;Blockedup
206.217.129.217:25665;EdgeCraft
net.quantumcraft.us;QuantumCraft
play.maplepvp.com;MaplePvP
arcadeznetwork.mcph.co;ArcadeZ OP Factions
mc.quietcoastgaming.com;Quiet Coast
mc.minecraftquebec.ca;Minecraft Quebec
play.blockynights.com;BlockyNights
198.24.165.234;Insane Craft
mc-souls.net;MC-Souls
play.savagereborn.net;Savage Reborn
167.114.101.58:25787;Ballistics Server
192.99.20.170:29653;MCRP
play.nemegaming.com;nemesis gaming network
planetwarfare.org;PlanetWarfare
mc.mocreaturescommunity.org;MoCreatures Community
exeptiorcraft.joinmc.eu;ExeptiorCraft
Appleorg.mcph.co;AppleOrg
mc.norhood.com;NorHood Network
play.eclipsemc.us;EclipseMC
mc.heixcraft.com;Heixcraft
167.114.156.212:25700;WitherCraft
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
ArgonPvP.com;ArgonPvP
node21.ranni.ca:55958;TheCrypticMC
play.pawgames.us;PAW Games
192.99.148.35:25638;SoulCraft
5.255.85.198:26361;Active Survival
Thecreeperuniverse.mcpro.co;The Creeper Universe
play.randomcraft.nl;TheGuardians
37.187.144.76;Madgaming
play.pangaeapvp.co;PangaeaPvP  Vote Keys  Factions
Play.PixelMC.us;PixelMC
blurkitcraft.net;Blurkit Craft
192.99.200.98:25613;Aura of the Pig
pvp.FacTrocity.com;FacTrocity
mc.kituskraft.net;KitusKraft
pvp.revoliath.net;Revoliath Factions
impera.nitrous.it;Impera SMP
BeastCraft.playat.ch;BeastCraft
play.angelisle.net;Angel Isle
119.252.191.233;AUTournaments
62.210.249.122;ChaoticKingdoms Faction
yoobcraft.mcph.co;YooB Craft
SilexMC.us;SilexMC
mc.vitalcraft.co.uk;Vitalcraft
aircraftgaming.jazzandmax.com;AirCraft Gaming
playcubesmp.com;Cube SMP Season 1
TheHypeMC.mcpro.co;TheHypeMC
119.252.190.217:25573;Rave Factions
prison.imsammy.com;SammysPrison
185.38.148.77:25574;SolarFactions
mc.explosivefactions.net;ExplosiveFactions
drox.servermc.nl;DroxCraft Towny PvP
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
Zulbob.minecraft-mania.fr;zulbob teams
G0D-CR4FT.apexminecraft.com:25643;G0D-CR4FT    Creative
192.95.29.35:25033;InfinitySky
185.38.148.77:25574;SolarFactions
108.170.45.67:25590;Chubby Craft
mc.vintagefactions.com;Vintage Factions
mc.minimalminecraft.com;Minimal
172.245.14.12:25911;Sevys Server 
divemc.fluctis.com:26025;DiveMC
Zohu.us;Zohu
198.49.77.72;DetectorHub
play.breezeprison.com;BreezePrison
thundermeow.net;ThunderMeow Network
nyxus.ggserv.co;Nyxus
icebox.mcpro.co;Icebox
minesofcode.net;Mines of Code
mc.snapgaming.net;SnapGaming
sb-milehigh.club;Mile High Club SkyBlock
minecraft.myadlz.co.uk;NarodCraft
helligegriser.spillvert.no;Hellige Griser
167.114.156.184:25567;Cakecraft Factions
play.factionmasters.com;Masters Faction
horizonpvpz.mcph.co;HorizonPvPz
hub.TheNexusMc.Com;wonderworld
VoidMC.myserver.gs:41274;Void MC
mc.dannysmc.com:25595;NexCore Network
192.99.201.99:25790;Minedex
69.175.113.249;SpaceInvater
sea.test.mcpro.co;SeaTest BETA
minersparadise.mcpro.co;Miners Paradise
162.245.2.168;Tex-Prison
135.23.42.165:41200;BwekyCraft
play.minebrawl.net;Minebrawl
play.wyzecraft.net;Wyze Craft
infinityrealms.org;Infinity Realms
193.111.140.155:26058;Emperinox
mcpartyhard.net;McPartyHard
178.32.234.61;SurvivalHunt
167.114.106.33;EtherealMC
176.31.142.66;CookieFacs
mc.happy-hg.com;dotyylion15
icebox.mcpro.co;Icebox
91.121.226.96:25677;201 Minecraft server
cloudescapemc.us;Cloud Escape
pvp.Revoliath.net;Revoliath
pvp.Revoliath.net;Revoliath
24.200.176.144;Shattered Empire
192.99.47.179:25879;Redstone Society
theglassbox.mcpro.co:40812;The Glass Box
op-servers.com;OP-Servers
159.8.141.202:62848;SpaceCraft
MCEvolved.mcpro.co;EvolvedMC
mc.factionhustlers.us;HustlerFactions
us.mineplex.com;Mineplex
play.trilon.org;Trilon Network
mc.lembitucraft.com;LembituCraft | Eesti
185.38.149.42:25582;Arken
play.minecrash.net;MineCrash
192.99.148.48:25719;Ethos SMP
dragon-forge.net;Dragon Forge
Galaxy.hubgalaxy.com;HubGalaxy
167.114.102.154:25791;Shattered Entropy Infinity
gopvp.us;GoPvP
mc.buildfreaks.net;BuildFreaks
prominecrafter.com;Prominecrafter
5.10.110.100:63073;Pixelmon Battle-Ready
104.254.238.70;Ghost Server Factions Only
rainbowcraft.serv.nu;RainbowCraft
intercraft.serveminecraft.net;InterCraft
play.chosencraft.com;ChosenCraft
192.99.19.54:30645;ArepaCraft
s43.hosthorde.com:26088;PhantomMC
OpMinecraft.com;PrimeMc
mc.hypixel.net;hypixel
198.50.252.116;PixelPandas
minecraft.y-cwmwl.co.uk;MiniMine MC
37.59.137.197;Xeonix
mc.supernovams.net;Super Nova
192.99.45.51:27846;UPCRAFT
play.LetsTangoMC.com;Lets Tango
play.nerdpvp.net;NerdPvP
185.38.148.39:25695;Command Networks
mc.happy-hg.com;mchappy
167.114.157.17:25669;CladireCraft
CreeperCraft.us;CreeperCraft
176.31.142.66;CookieFacs
veinmc.mcph.co;VeinMC
play.ApocalypticNetwork.ga;ApocalypticNetwork
frasersserver.zapto.org;24/7 Frasers Vanilla Survival
Play.Riftade.com;Riftade
Skyshine.eu;Skyshine.eu
play.minersfusion.com;Minersfusion
185.4.149.32:25588;Diamond Craft
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
192.99.19.190:28952;Tainted Network
play.morlightmc.com;MorlightMC
rollstercraft.ddns.net;Rollster Craft
www.exigoorbis.com;Free World
civ.singaming.com;Sin Gaming
pve.sf-mc.net:25756;SkyForge PvE
pvp.dearcraft.net;DearCraft
162.223.9.76;Silver Sanctum
s3.minespan.com:25689;Mine Legends
168.1.74.17:59666;Culture City Network 
UberMC.net;UberMC.net
185.38.148.47:25608;Best survival server
thecondo.mcph.co;TheCondoPVP
play.voltcom.org;Voltcom
survivalcrafteria.smplxs.com:25547;Survival Crafteria
mc.Nightmarefactions.com;NightmareFactions
thunder.fadehost.com:25768;Thunder.fadehost.com
91.204.168.210:10080;GreenLand
play.imperiopvp.me;ImperioPvP | Mcmmo | Custom Enchants
15.minecraftparty.com;15 Minecraft Party
Oceanocraft.g-s.nu;OceanoCraft
paradoxcraft.fluctis.com;Paradoxcraft
zero.minr.org;MINR
mineoz.net;MineOz Mc
watercraft.mcpro.eu;WaterCraft
play.webtex.be;Webtex Free
EmberPvp.com;EmberPvp
thenovamc.net;TheNovaMC
EndurancePvP.mcpro.eu:53124;EndurancePvP
play.mortalitymc.com;MortalityMC Factions
78.46.106.132:25585;FantaPvP
vannticpvp.beastmc.com;Vanntic PVP - Factions PVP
craftfactions.mcpro.eu:43660;CraftFactions
Play.GiveMeFish.Com;Fishcraft
167.114.197.123;StrikerCraft
mc.ultroncraft.com;UltronCraft
162.213.42.184:25836;Blue Portal Factions
198.24.163.106:43654;DiamondCraft
92.221.185.29;odincraft no
124.13.34.43:30034;DarkCraft
Raiderscraft.tk;Raiderscraft
mc.orangecraft.net;OrangeCraft
89.163.224.80;mc.wellplay.ro
modernsb.net;Modern Skyblock
hcf.fivek.fr;Fivek
thedragonnetwork.mcpro.co;The Dragon Network
159.8.75.36;TeamTekkit
REMC.pw;RebelEmpire
72.46.158.99;OlympicFactions
play.pixeladrift.com:59498;PixelAdrift
mc.SuperiorBending.com;Superior Bending
treeslayer.fluctis.com;Tree Slayer
valorpvp.beastmc.com;GalaxyPvP
kingdomespvp.beastmc.com;Kingdomes PvP
Hubgalaxy.com;HubGalaxy
89.121.59.117;Teofil s Minecraft Server Romania
simplypvp.beastmc.com;SimplyPvP
omegarx.beastmc.com;OmegaRX
74.124.13.41;SpiralPvP
xxl.kingsizeminecraft.nl;KingSize Emperors
185.38.149.37:25575;DigiPixel Digimobs Server Plus Minigames
infernaverse.co;InfernaVerse
198.50.140.32:25611;Valinor Faction
192.99.21.111:25585;Hashtag Factions
mc.exodia.us;mc.exodia.us
play.tgnmc.com;The Gamers Network
totaldarkness.beastmc.com;Total Darkness
play.fairytailpvp.net;FairyTailPVP
play.novafactions.us;NovaFactions
playsilvermoon.com;SilverMoonPixelmon
buildcreek.com;BuildCreek
skyhighwars.com;SkyHighWars
198.143.157.28;GladiatorFactions
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
play.insane-mc.com;Insane Minecraft Network
play.mineclue.com;LiveMC
mc.artixmc.eu;ArtixNetWork
s4.hosthorde.com:26059;InersiaPvP
93.91.250.144:27047;LegendaryMine.eu
185.56.137.251;Bramble Tor
UniverseCraftOmega.ddns.net;UniverseCraft Omega
EndurancePvP.mcpro.eu;EndurancePvP
minecoreserver.co;MineCore
pvp.blue;Funky Classic Oldscool Factions
Ghostcraft.shockbyte.com;GhostCraft
gamemotion.apexminecraft.com:25734;GameMotionMC
96.8.114.158:25665;BTWolves
Potatoland-mc.com;Potato Land
erapvp.com;Erapvp
Play.TonicMC.com;TonicMC
crafted.cat;Crafted Cat
play.minecrave.eu;MineCrave
BattleRaid.net;BattleRaid
starforce-create.mcph.co;StarForce
185.38.148.30:25583;Dye Craft Pvp & Pve
Empire-mc.us.to;EmpireMC
sliceofthebeast.factions.ws;SliceOfTheBeast
econation.tk;EcoNation
play.revivedmc.org;RevivedMC
TwinCraft.apexmc.co:25587;TwinCraft
185.38.148.68:25605;SerenityGames
167.114.117.18:25669;The Squishy Enderman
mc.imperanoncraft.net;Imperanoncraft
69.175.56.218;DonkeyCraft.com
wildfire.mcpro.co;WildfireMinecraft
s43.hosthorde.com:26088;PhantomNetwork
mc.beanblockz.com;melon
pandafan.nitrous.it;PandaFan Server
Mc.StealthPrison.org;StealthPrison
minecraft.bastage.net;Bastage Minecraft Server
37.187.156.206:49877;Halcyon
mc.hubparadise.com;HubParadise
heavencraftbg.ddns.net;HeavenCraftBG
krookedpvp.com;Krooked Nework
mc.xenarch.net;Sakuren Factions
HowToMC.apexmc.co;H2MC
162.252.10.179:26110;TrueVanilla
newgen.mcpro.co;NewGen Minecraft
pokelegacyv2.mcserver.ws;PokelegacyV2 Pixelmon
Walcraft.eu;RailCraft
104.140.216.170;Craft-Hax0r
185.38.148.25:25574;DBZCraft
23.94.121.9;The Real World
PixelPandas.mcserver.ws;PixelPandas
mc.mpzona.cz;MPZona.CZ - Survival Server
5.200.23.182:29998;Hertz PvP
serverpablitus.fluctis.com:25757;Server de PablitusElMakina Creativo
167.114.102.154:25789;AlphaCraft
titaniumnetwork.pt;TitaniumPrison
mc.everrealms.com;EverRealms
162.244.165.111;Crystal Craft
Hubgalaxy.com;HubGalaxy
pvp.fallenfactions.net;Fallen Factions
skinpvp.net;SkinPVP
209.126.108.33;Survival Central MC 24/7 Need Staff
192.99.149.167:25981;Pixelmon-Heaven
republicpvp.net;RepublicPvP
play.buildersunite.net;buildersunite
185.38.148.152:25577;Trinity
192.99.20.204:40048;KnightDeluxe12
5.255.70.69:25948;BMCraft
142.4.218.167:25979;TumbleWeedNetwork
JEM.BeastMC.com;JEM HUB
exclusivecraft.fmc.pw:25743;Exclusive Craft
topstrix.com;TopStrix Network
newgen.mcpro.co;NewGenMC
23.95.53.22;CrfCraft Were Selling Staff And Others
nonamepvp.com;NoNamePvP
smp.onigrinations.tk;Onigri Nations
play.facetsmc.net;Disalot
furyfaction.tk;FuryFaction
mc.SeverePvP.org:26072;SeverePvP
pvp.novelleserver.com;Novelle
GalacticSB.com;Galactic Skyblock
GPPrison.us.to;GuineaPig Prison
192.169.44.9:25946;King Factions
185.38.148.47:25608;MineWorld
poke.4dcraft.net:21;Deltapixelmon
Electrocraft.fwiffo.co.uk;Electrocraft
crypticpvpz.tk:25580;Cryptic OPFactions
Mythicraft.net;Asuxgod
play.s-projects.ga;Silhoutte Projects Minigame
mc.theoverkillsyndicate.com;TheOverkillSyndicate
ExonPrison.com;Exon Prison
speedcraft.minecraftservers.com.br;SpeedCraft
72.46.129.202:26153;GameSpazz MC Servr
Ryvermc.com;RyverMC ||| Network Released |||
vanilla.north-craft.com;North-Craft
BattlePvP.no-ip.org;BattlePvP
dsm.mcpro.co;DSM
masterpvp.omgcraft.fr:10711;MasterPvP
roguecraft.mc-srv.com;Rougecraft
mc.frazbocraft.com;FrazboCraft
mc.nexuscraft.net;NexusCraft
MC.SlimePvP.org;SlimePvP
altnetwork.nl;ALTNetwork
217.198.142.106;BoysLand
mc.ithinkrok.com;ithinkroks minecraft server
mineity.com;Mineity.com
surfersservers.net;Surfers Servers
46.20.1.139;TBTGaming
oyna.minecraft-turk.com;Minecraft-Turk Faction Server
play.gtprison.net;Girithium Prison
Impulsenetwork.mc-srv.com;ExileFactions
mc.vitalitypvp.us;VitalityPvP
167.114.156.62:25897;Rage Planet
mc15.fadehost.com:26051;CleanPrison
BigBouldersMC.beastmc.com;Big Boulders MC
play.thediamondempire.net;The Diamond Empire
ty-craft.mcpro.co:27669;TYCraft
icgn.beastmc.com;ICGN
Meowcraft.zapto.org:26710;MeowCraft  Premium PvP Factions
192.95.38.49;Sons of insanity
play.majesticmc.com;MajesticMC
185.28.188.163:35174;Fancy Craft
167.114.91.146;OP Hardcore PvP Mythical Craft
37.187.154.69;Humanity
kingdomskies.mcph.co;KingdomSkies
mineabe.mcph.co;CityCraft2.0
aus.poseidonservers.net;Poseidon Servers
play.swiftypvp.com;SwiftyPVP
projecterivale.com;ProjectErivale
play.primemc.org;primemc
104.207.143.137:10100;104.207.145.137
play.higgsmc.com;HiggsMC
192.99.1.206:25555;Hex KitPvp
198.50.234.55;Infamous Servers
199.192.76.102;Abyssal Networks
46.174.50.117;PixelFine
185.38.148.41:25583;Ahzor
US.LifeCycleMC.com;LifeCycle
play.gammapvp.us;Gamma PvP
182.176.65.4;Ptcl Gaming Lounge
167.114.91.146;MythicalCraft
chisel-craft.mcph.co:61382;ChiselCraft
158.85.69.137:57764;Domination Network
latincraftgamers.serv.nu;LatinCraftGamers
192.99.44.123:36612;iPlayCraft Survival
VortexPvP.eu;VortexPvP
63.143.46.75:25736;TazCraft
s6.minespan.com:25571;Crifinite
185.16.84.27:26665;Infinity Minecraft
104.236.135.95;Zombie Nation
play.corerealms.org;CoreRealms
GS39.swifthosting.dk:25608;FactionZonerzz
Tranquilitys.com;Tranquility
vaxit.mcpro.co;VaxitCraft
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | Towny Server
s3.hosthorde.com:26069;ChaoticPvP
69.30.240.250:25698;PotatoCraft
185.38.148.54:25571;Royal Factions
lie.vcakemc.net;Vcake
188.165.235.42:25583;The Scottish Players Minecraft Server
185.57.188.243;CrystalCrafted
van.viper.works;Vipers Lair Vanilla
snap.viper.works;Vipers Lair Amplified
ocean.viper.works;Vipers Lair Oceana
176.31.10.215;TheFactionWorld
108.60.204.69;ArmedMCPrison
tnp.mcfrag.net;TakeNoPrisoners
minecraft.gagalabs.com;Gagalabs
192.169.44.147:47435;Typhoon PVP
MagicalBeings.duckdns.org;Clan Quest
Megamartyr-server.com;MegaMartyr FactionPVP Server
69.64.34.6:25523;Lunar mc
hub.athenamc.net;AthenaMC
Play.EmeraldMC.us;EmeraldMC
192.99.223.93;TownCraft
play.TheCovenMC.com;TheCovenMC
mc.sonorabuild.net;SonoraBuild
167.114.29.151;bluex
sixxcraft.com;SixxCraft
mc.baibaioghuginn.com;baibaioghuginn
ascalon-pvp.com;Ascalon-PvP
thehub.bot.nu;TheHub
BaumCraft.net;BaumCraft
Aqualoniarealms.nitrous.it;Aqualonia Realms
192.99.21.111:25605;Epic Craft
mc.minevast.com;VersusMC
mc.just219.com;jBattle
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | BETA | Need Staff
minecraft.thelittlejedi.co.uk;JediTemple
CrypticKingdom.xyz;CrypticKingdom Network
185.38.148.167:25572;RiTz craft 3.0
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm | BETA | Need Staff
167.114.118.143:25566;The Brotherhood
AnchorMC.mc-srv.com:25946;AnchorMC
198.24.165.234:30097;Potato Universe
mc.hyperbian.com;Hyperbian Factions
play.sunnypvp.com;SunnyPvP
104.254.238.70;AtomicGhostNation
mc.breadkraft.net:27016;Zombie Town
willabeast.mcpro.co;Willabeast
87.98.139.117:27265;Direwolf(2) Ofline (crakeado)
nyanclub.mcph.co:55514;Nyan Club
69.175.115.15;HydraWorksPVP
94.23.199.156:27584;FrostMC Factions
Play.MismicCraft.co;Diamond-Network
162.244.167.103;Godfreys Vanilla Minecraft Server
ecocitycraft.com;Eco City Craft
bloxrealm.gamename.net;Bloxrealm  | Need staff
195.154.146.159;CraftACrew
play.voxalmc.net;VoxalMC Network
167.114.116.136:25710;EnderCraft
erevayn.com;Erevayn
play.theminecraftclub.com;The Empire
185.38.148.85;Apotheon-Craft
mc.primis.org;TasteyServ
184.154.97.45;EndCraft Factions
192.99.18.173:25847;Spirit Island Bending
dynamotech.mcph.eu;Dynamotech
Mc.VindexNetwork.Com;Vindex Network
67.212.180.46;ToxicTNT
216.172.108.54;Epicraft
surfersservers.net;Surfers Factions
mc.zeenai.net;Zontreck Server
192.99.148.48:30123;Batlantis
poke.dawndusk.net;Dawn & Dusk Survival 3.5.1
85.114.135.139:25956;ExtremePvP
DarknessMC.mcph.co;Darkness Minecraft
TheRogueMC.com;TheRogueMC
Minegon.com;Minegon Gaming
Play.The-Guardians.eu;TheGuadians
austeros.dawnfirerealms.net:25564;DawnFire Realms - Austeros
mc.artixmc.eu;Artixmc
192.99.246.57;Poke Advanced Craft
94.23.199.156:27584;FrostMC Factions
198.20.117.68;Ashton Horizons
167.114.101.57:25660;ChompMC
ThatCookiemc.net;ThatCookieMC
forevergreen.beastmc.com;ForEvergreen Network
69.23.44.59:25567;Benson Main Grief Prevention Server
play.celestialmc.com;CelestialMC
surfersservers.net;Surfers Creative
play.the-obsidian.com;The Obsidian
UberPvP.net;UberPvP Factions
162.244.167.41:40722;Land of Legends
104.128.53.52;The Noodle Universe (Noodleverse)
mc.thepom360.net;Poms Server
37.187.150.162:25921;Terra Eterna
mc.islandmania.com.br;MinecraftMania
miragemc.tk;MirageMC
skywars.in;SkyWars
198.50.248.151;GOMC Multiworld
184.154.16.178:37091;Drugtopia
69.64.34.6:25523;Lunar
play.totalfreedom.me;Free OP
play.planet-pvp.us;PlanetPvP | Hardcore PvP
167.114.159.141:25580;Canadian Bacon Modded Survival
104.219.4.61;InfiniteRaidsMC
impunitypvp.beastmc.com;Impunity PvP
extremecraft.mcho.us;ExtremeCraft
HazzardPvP.mc-srv.com:26083;HazzardPvP Factions Server
rotda.eclipsedmc.com;RotDA
MC.CursePVP.Us;CursePVP Faction
retrocon.mymc.io;RetroCon(NeedStaff)
pixelcraft.playat.ch;Pixelcraft
play.zephcraft.com;ZephCraft
kiwicreep.net;kiwicreep.net
188.165.235.13:26881;CrimsonMC
Dowcraft.org;Dowcraft
play.humblecraft.uk:25585;HumbleCraft
mcogaming.beastmc.com;MCO Gaming
dyn-mc.com;Dynamic Minecraft
play.mclegendcraft.com;McLegendCraft
192.99.161.57:27057;MC-PVP Prison
dubkingdoms.mcplay.nl;dubkingdoms
play.mclegendcraft.com;McLegendCraft
play.mchyperion.com;HyperionCraft
hawkserv.co.uk;Hawknet SMP
play.aminebits.com;AMineBits SMP
pushingnetwork.com;Pushing Network
mc.fadedrealm.com;Faded Realms Pixelmon Server
mc-thatoneserver.com:26088;That One Server
Suchcraft.beastmc.com;Microcraft
readycraft.mcjoin.it;ReadyCraft
mc.b5.pandaserv.com:25575;AlphaPvp
185.38.148.34:25580;HexalFactions
192.99.21.76:39717;MiniGame Minecraft
ArsonPvP.me;ArsonPvP
104.219.2.163;McFactions
192.99.200.141:40882;fullsurvival
23.235.232.84:64746;CreatorsOfTheBlitz
pvp.blue;Classic Funky Factions
198.49.77.178;Microcraft 2.0
69.23.44.59:25569;Mini Games 2 
172.245.215.217;The Liquid Network 
Jailhouseblox.com:19132;Jailhouseblox
87.98.170.37;Skychallenge
onepvp.com;OnePvp
karmacraft.zapto.org;KarmaCraft
178.32.74.247;EpicPlayCraft Network
projectpork.net:8001;Project Pork
ninjapvp.beastmc.com;NinjaPVP
23.252.116.10:26924;Build Freaks - Needs Staff
skygods.us;Skygods - Custom Skyblock
pizzacraft.hosthorde.net;PizzaCraft Factions
185.38.148.96:25586;wharriscraft iv
185.38.149.50;Tiber Minecraft Survival Server
23.235.232.89:50312;Obsidian Survival
play.era-mc.com;Era Minecraft Factions
mc.ethiosgaming.com;EthiosGaming Minecraft
forcefulnetwork.beastmc.com;TheForcefulNetwork
198.20.109.28;PhoenixPvP-Network
play.armystich.me;Armystich Prison
162.244.165.131:32743;SugoiCraft
mc.oceanprison.com;OceanPrison
play.anony-craft.fr;multijoueur
Raiderscraft.tk;Raiders Craft
play.pandacraft.ninja;Panda Craft
176.31.142.66;CookieFacs
209.105.238.204;Wishcraft
162.244.166.161:44153;Tiny Ville
hypercrafter.com;hypercrafter
boomfactions.com;BoomFactions
tangicraft.com;TangiCraft
162.255.214.64;VitalityGaming Staff Needed
Standardpvp.net;StandardPvP
soniccraft.beastmc.com;SonicVerse-MC
s3.hosthorde.com:26069;ChaoticPvP
pigmannetwork.smishcraft.co.uk;Pigman-Network
aphotic.beastmc.com;Aphotic OP Factions
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
72.46.158.98:26092;Windle PVP
jb.jessebarragan.com;Jesse Barragans Server
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
glowstonepvp.com;tejor
robinjulian2.nitrado.net;Haehnchenkeulen server 
play.zPrison.tk;zPrison
178.20.170.74:25604;FactionCrafter
BlockTownDe.mc-server24.de;BlockTown.de
198.20.109.22;herocraft
37.59.164.132;SkyVerse
DKECraft.nitrous.it;DKECraft
pace-craft.no-ip.org;Pace-Craft
extremecraft.mcho.us;ExtremeCraft
retronixhub.tk:25862;RetronixMC
167.114.43.167;TerrorCraft Modsauce
mc.TorOCrafT.de;TorOCrafT
104.219.2.163;McFactions
pizzacraft.hosthorde.net;Pizza
play.ultimateprison.com;Ultimate Prison
167.114.102.222:25772;Craftburg
ILikeToKill.de;ILikeToKill.de - Netzwerk
node21.ranni.ca:55958;CrypticMC
104.219.2.163;MLG Mcfactions
Play.PyrexPvP.Com;PyrexPvP
167.114.193.236;HyliaPvP
198.24.171.34:63330;OnionCraft
paradoxsurvival.mcpro.co;Paradox Survival
192.99.14.199;Gang Wars
66.85.165.162:28643;SmoothUniverse
mc.backyardcraft.com;BackyardCraft
mc.plebcraft.us;PlebCraft
nekocore.com;NekoCore Network
162.244.165.141:34281;Survive Kill Survive
OPClash.com;OPClash
167.114.159.136:25621;Trifecta
s5.minespan.com:25767;Tales Of Champions
Classicsb.com;Classic Skyblock
play.mystic-pvp.net;MysticPvP
162.244.164.51:56179;OfficialMcRevolution
play.mineport.com;MinePort
mc.widesrv.ru;World Wide Server
play.voxload.info;Voxload | Faction/PvP
mcmassacre.beastmc.com;McMassacre
5.62.126.173:11200;ChampionCraft
Republikacraft.tk:28820;Republika - German
play.capitalprison.com;Capital Prison
playmc.dicedev.in;DDMC - No LAG
play.g-mc.net;G-MC
play.mc-cu.com;Cobble Universe
play.lastdungeon.com;Forge of Worlds
mc.chris-macht.de;Chris macht Minecraft
PublicMC.de;PublicMC.de
9craft.nitrous.it;9Craf -Pvp-  Factions 
184.154.97.45;FasterNetwork
Conflictcraft.net;ConflictCraft Network
167.114.159.136:25621;TrifectaPvP
UnderCraft.us;UnderCraft Factions Creative
208.115.193.3:25584;CMPNetWork
208.115.193.3:25584;CMPNetwork
s10.hosthorde.com:25812;MegaFactions
play.mczserver.com;Z Server SMP
104.219.2.163;McFactions
mc.w4.no;Norsk survival
192.223.26.199;Gryphon Gaming  Towny 
mc.rlminecraft.com;Real Life Minecraft
Vortexpvp.gamename.net;Endercraft
gigaprison.mcph.co:30093;GigaPrison
insecurewars.mcph.co;Insecure Wars
play.royalguard.tk;Royal Guard Network
kaoticmc.tk;Kaotic Craft MC KaoticKrew
mc.ultra-pvp.net;Ultra PvP
mklemens.homeip.net;Jennas Fun World
176.9.29.197;Buhs Infinity Server
play.miragepvp.com;ThisIsWar
eclipsemc.mymc.io;EclipseMC
213.152.162.89:25560;Animus Universi
149.202.70.149:40907;MemphixPvP
192.99.149.167:26003;Atomic Craft
79.133.61.6;Tridalon
37.187.167.191:41991;ShadowCraft
lq.rayfall.net;Land Quest
goacraft.de;Goacraft
play.jenmc.com;Jen MC OP Prison 100 Uptime
104.219.1.132:25582;Lighting Factions
nemamon.nemalands.co.uk:25567;nemamon
167.114.209.94:25671;DubstepGalaxy
play.craftersrealm.com;The Crafters Realm
zn.chippeh.com;Zombie Nation
fnafmc.mc-srv.com;FNaFMC
104.219.2.163;McFactions
world.krumbledmc.com;KrumbledMC
162.244.164.61:48586;emerald box
mc.earth2luke.com;Earth2Luke Survival
s.minecraft.name;Brauhaus der Hoffnung | Brauvival-Server
crime.minecraft.name;Brauhaus der Hoffnung | Crime-Server
staticcraft.spartanhost.net;Static Craft
jogar.endcraft.com.br;EndCraft PVP
31.214.218.211;TheFutureMiners 24/7 BedWars
198.154.102.136;Dragons Den
usg.game.nfoservers.com;Unstoppable Gaming PVP Faction Server
178.33.200.223;Asmile SRV
jccstmc.ddns.net;Jccst Survival with PvP and no rules
PokeWap.tk;PokeWAP Cracked Pixelmon
MineJuegos.mc-srv.com:25935;MineJuegos
AmazinNetwork.McAlias.Com;AmazinNetwork
play.hdcraft.org;HD CRAFT
192.95.14.174;AwesomeCraft Factions
mc.omgamcnetwork.net;OmgaMC Network
167.114.102.199:25743;TopFactions
unitprison.com;UNIT
secure-survival.com:43356;Secure Survival
mc.unicraftmc.com;UnicraftMC
play.sector1mc.com;Sector 1
panempvp.mcpro.co;PanemPVP
mc.dhugaming.com;DHU Gaming
play.pirateseas.net;Pirate Seas
play.mpl.pub:25564;Isolation Asylum
198.245.51.93:25567;iCraft - Sky Factory 2.4
s4.hosthorde.com:26058;mc.townysurivalz.com
minedit.com;Minedit
mc.impulsepvp.me;Impulse PvP
skyland.serverminer.com;Skyland
75.102.40.228:25665;XPigX
192.99.20.34:27422;The Chaos Online
192.99.38.164:27182;Grab N Craft
185.38.149.35:25580;MinnerCraft Factions and Bending
80.229.10.116:25588;Aurora
50.97.113.107;OFGamers  Let the fun begin
mineworlds.eu:25566;Mineworlds.eu
mc.proeliumraiding.es;Proelium Raiding Network
play.unitedpixels.org;United Pixels Network
play.conquestpvp.com;ConquestPvP
185.38.148.144:25576;Revolution PvP
108.170.14.146:28737;FortifiedFactions
188.212.101.13;Play.Survival-Minecraft.R0
play.gatucraft.com;Gatucraft
play.primemc.org;skyblock
192.99.24.134;SquishyCraft
us.jacrealms.com;JacRealms
mc.nmoleosoftware.com;NmoleoCraft Minigames
US.MineToken.net;MineToken
fcraft.co;Freedom
mc8.spillvert.no:25910;Planet Neollok
play.bonecraftmc.com;BoneCraft Factions
mc.syclipsenetwork.co;Syclipse Network
s7.hosthorde.com:26154;Kit PvP
play.megapvp.net;MegaPVP
mc.galacticrealm.com;Galactic Realm
craft1.ni-craft.fr:25798;Originers Server
mc.pigparty.eu;PigParty
ubermc.net;mesterknut
ViolationNetworkMC.Net;ViolationNetworkMC
mc.risepvp.org;RisePvP
play.lulzcraft.net;LulzCraft
192.99.221.225;Skyless
Mushroompvp.com;Mushroomvpvp
rubykits.beastmc.com;Ruby Kits
162.244.167.121:25569;FluffyMC
mc.blupcraft.com;BlupCraft
arbor.royalpub.net;Royal Public
XactionPvP.Net:25752;XactionPvP
198.27.68.18:27039;PlatinumMC
treehome.ddns.net;Treehome
play.Sector1mc.com;Sector1 Factions
lioncraft.serverminer.com;LionCraft
108.170.11.170:43448;MegaVerse - Skyblock
Jwsurvival.serveminecraft.net:65535;Jwsurvival
m4play.net;M4Play
108.166.179.90;Spartacus Resurrection
69.64.34.6:25523;Ryverpvp
173.236.23.134;FateNetwork
mlg.mymc.io;MLG CRAFT
play.flarepvp.com;Flare PVP
mc.codexcraft.com.au;CodexCraft
mc.ertplay.net;ERTPLAY
cybercube.apexmc.co;CyberCube
toomanycows.com;Too Many Cows Survival
93.91.250.122:27777;BlockCraft
s4.hosthorde.com:26093;DarkHeaven
dioritepvp.com;DioritePVP | Factions & PVP
play.ghprison.com;AdoraCraft
92.222.134.165;Bunny Craft
5.152.217.93;TheFireFly Skyblock
mc.kingdomsofwar.ca;KingdomsOfWar 
ecsurvival.tk:25929;EmeraldCraft Skyblock And Survival
Play.CouragePvP.com;CouragePvP
37.187.143.226:41999;Cryptex-Network
162.244.166.91;League Of Fallen Nations
lonksmc.gamename.net;LonksMC
185.38.151.189:25566;Cryptic Network
play.redemptionmc.org;RedemptionMc
nightingales.mcpro.co;Nightingales
mc.sosimple-mc.com;SoSimpleMC
d.mcnsa.com;Mcnsa-FTB-Departed-Pack
198.24.164.76;IonicPvP
familiepolderman.eu;ParraProductions
75.102.46.71:25765;Protoss Survival
savagefactions.mcph.co;Savage Factions
corrupted.mcpro.co;Corrupted Craft
fatalitynetwork.net;Fatality Network
play.crolacy.com;Crolacy
198.24.163.115;BeastlyGames
192.99.24.134;SquishyCraft
192.99.24.134;SquishyCraft
192.99.24.134;SquishyCraft
mc.falskaar.com;Falskaar Factions
TronxFactions.mcs4.me;TronxMC
162.243.142.59;Grand Schemers
play.guildcraft.org;narax_friend2
162.244.167.111:31529;McCraftMasters
Panempvp.mcpro.co;PanemPvP
play.gatewae.com;Gatewae
creative.voidrealms.net;VoidRealms Creative
play.spudmc.com;SpudMC
www.maddyncraft.com;MaddynCraft Survival
Play.miragepvp.com;supercraft
mpcvzr.nitrado.net;MPCVZR
45.55.146.198;IndefiniteReactionz
185.38.148.178:25605;RiftenCraft
195.154.146.126:25638;Twist Craft
HgServer.TK;HgServer
retch.mine.nu;Reddiamond
cakefactions.mcalias.com;CakeStem Servers | MC Servers
192.99.20.81;TownyMadness
minehost26.host-unlimited.de:28990;TechPlayHD.MC
QualityPvP.com;QualityPvP
lolcraft.nitrous.it;Lolcraft
dnetwork.d-host.net;DimensionalNetwork
HighDome.eu;HighDome
23.239.132.25;NitroMC
opdestinyprisons.nitrous.it;OP Destiny-Prisons
play.guildcraft.org:29356;Minigamers
us.mcgamer.net;My Server
192.99.18.177:25819;RedsZone
5.255.70.75:25989;SpartaGames
mc.fivediamondsnetwork.com;FiveDiamondsNetwork
ggo.nitrous.it:25601;Gun Gale Online
orbitalnetworks.beastmc.com;OrbitalMc
play.dynasty-pvp.com;Dynstay PvP
elitecombat.fluctis.com;EliteCombatPVP
corrupted.mcpro.co;CorruptedCraft
play.demonicmc.com;DemonicMC
lonewolves.net;Lone wolves
corrupted.mcpro.co;CorruptedCraft
mc.vayrin.com;Vayrin Realms
play.skittlescraft.com;SkittlesCraft
publicmc.game.nfoservers.com;ShadowGamers 
prosnap.co;ProShot
xactionpvp.net:25752;Xaction PvP
xactionpvp.net:25752;Xaction PvP
togglepvp.mcserver.ws;TogglePvp
muse.craft.vg;Musecraft
matecraft.org;Matecraft Nexus
mc.tehaswanson.com;EliteRealms
pomona.duckdns.org;Pomona
factions.sytes.net;OP Craft - OP Factions
play.zombiecounty.com;ZombieCounty
mc.dragonborn.eu;Dragonborn
192.95.31.63:25579;Colonias RPG
mc.unicraftmc.com;Unicraft
108.170.40.246;ZanCraft
167.114.102.154:25789;AlphaCraft
192.99.147.79:25658;SwegCraft420
s10.hosthorde.com:25679;StarWars Building
209.105.236.201;NobleCraft
real-oc.com;The Real Original Crafter
192.99.98.222:26202;Dark Thunder Factions
s41.hosthorde.com:25957;Knightcraft.co
67.212.171.19;frogmutant257
fearfactions.com;FearFactions
op.beastmc.com;BeastMC
firestarshaven.beastmc.com;Firestars Haven
sssminecraft.com;sssminecraft.com
mc.protvpvp.com;ProtvPvP
hyperprisonMc.com;HyperPrisonMC
play.ktecknix.com;Ktecknix Network
mc.liveandbuild.tk;Live And Build 2.0
nrkcraft.mcserver.ws;TheNRK
188.240.1.116;BananaCraft
192.99.38.198;WarHead
37.187.158.155:41938;RazerBulgaria
167.114.163.209;WcW - KitPvP Soup
BlobsMC.Net;BlobsMC Network
play.asgard-mc.com;Asgard Ascension
5.159.230.233:25797;MJPixelmon - SFT Pixelmon Modpack
198.50.133.98;ProdigyCraft
makari.nitrous.it;Makari MC
silverlightmc.com:25592;Silverlight MC
theuprising.us.to;The Uprising
frenzic.co.uk:25562;LaserCraft
corrupted.mcpro.co;CorruptedCraft
185.38.148.6:25568;Hussworld
76.188.200.29;Durkks Minecraft World
snazzy.mcpro.co;SnazzyMC
s12.hosthorde.com:25804;ClinxxSMP
play.wildprisonmc.com;WildPrison Network - Need Staff
demaciancraft.com;DemacianCraft Factions
mca.mcph.co:33654;Dancing Coyotes
corrupted.mcpro.co;CorruptedCraft
zedpvp.ga;ZedPvP
tesastocraft.mcph.co;Tesasto Craft
UberMC.net;Ubermc
play.lifecraft.fr;lifecraft
66.85.150.12:25610;friendly server make friends
167.114.159.141;1 Million Gamers
mc.gamesjap.eu;GamesJap
play.witherverse.net:26885;WitherVerseNetwork
play.squareonemc.com;SquareOne Skyblock
mc.creaturepvp.com;CreaturePVP
real.nitrado.net;Real Craft 
purpleprison.net;purple prison
veritanium.mcpro.co;Veritanium Craft Skyblock
play.pokeharbor.com;PokeHarbor
survival.orgobyte.com;OrgoByte Survival
108.178.21.131;Adventurius
198.12.88.196;MilsUniverse
37.187.254.137:41145;JustPvP
159.8.141.200:29808;Echo Realm
185.38.148.166:25573;Chronos
Qualitypvp.com;Qualitypvp
203.98.81.55;Minecraft Server Australia Test Server
Ender-PvP.beastmc.com;Ender-PvP
104.219.5.222;Dark Prison
69.175.115.234;TitanPvP
Magentacraftsurvival.com;MagentaCraftServer
37.187.254.137:40544;friendsforcrafting
192.99.47.154:26017;ElementalMC
Mc.streamerCraft.com;StreamerCraft
galaxycraftnz.com;GalaxyCraft NZ
mc.intrepidcraft.com;IntrepidCraft
Furatex.net;Furatex
theoprealms.net;The OP Realms
play.minechill.com;MineChill Prison | Make Great Friends
s9.minespan.com:25609;Dose Factions
animals.mcph.co;TheAnimalUniverse
mc.milk-nation.net;Milk Nation
pandicraft.mcph.co;PandiCraft
69.62.230.59;Xnet
theoprealms.net;TheOPRealms
immortalrealms.beastmc.com;Immortal Realms
mc.craftrealms.com;mc.craftrealms.com
WitherFactions.beastmc.com;Wither PvP
systematicpvp.ggserv.co;SystematicPvp
tekkitbrospvp.mcph.co;TekitbrosPVP
play.witherverse.net;WitherVerse Network
Forevercraft.on.vg;ForeverCraft
Dioritepvp.com;Diorite PvP
CinemaCloudMC.com;CinemaCloud
159.8.141.199:62414;Fallen Crafters
shadowland.servegame.com;Shadow Land
MC.VerityNetwork.Com;Verity Network
capitalcitycraft.fluctis.com;Capital City Craft
DeluxeSkyblock.Com;DeluxeSkyblock
smp.stoneburnergaming.com;Stoneburner Gaming SMP
CrownPvP.net;CrownPvP | FFA
176.31.241.166:26955;SmileMorePvp
play.minex.cf;Xtreme Network
greenfieldlife.tk;XtremeNet
withergamingtr.nitrado.net;WitherGamingTR
78.143.3.225;Funbattle
play.dimcraft.net;DimCraft
ArmedMc.net;ArmedMC
upc.wassink-online.com;TGCGames Network
ZVCraft.us;ZVCraft
mc.nationforce.cl;Nationforce
playmc1.dicedev.in;DDMC1 - No LAG
mc.dragonuniverse.net;GoodGames
ChristianCity.co;ChirstainCity
mineanddie.hosthorde.net;MineAndDie
mc.drizzard.com;Drizzard
168.1.74.15:27395;MythicalSurvival
192.99.21.72:25756;Battles of War
mc.vayrin.com:26045;Vayrin Realms
mc.drizzard.com;Drizzard Network
us.malevolus.com;Malevolus
overminers.ru;Overclockers Game Server
nplx-pvp.tk;NPLX PVP
198.20.127.243;KlashCraft
Powercraft.me;coliseumgaming
192.99.44.171:25589;StarRealms
85.187.168.107:25566;KingCraft Bulgaria
167.114.156.212:25611;Mc-Untinkable
worldthreefriction.g-s.nu;WorldThreeFriction
pvphere.com;MinecraftCapcon
192.99.47.148:36534;KingsCraft 2.0
s6.minespan.com:25732;NationCraft
madetopvp.beastmc.com;MadeToPvP
AbsurdPvP.com;AbsurdPvP
mc.mcninjanetwork.com;McNinjaNetwork Prisons
Galrythian-Realms.net:25586;Galrythian-Realms
167.114.65.109:25584;TacoMC
mc.craftrealms.com;kyarla
95.141.42.104:25577;InfinityCraft
equalitycraft.mcraft-ip.com;EqualityCraft
play.podzol.tk;Podzol Place
FadeCloud.com;gfhhg
amc-play.tk:25640;Armistice Minecraft
play.mobiusbt.com:25591;Mobius Creative
Orbit-MC.McPh.Co;Orbit-MC
play.aspiremc.us:25716;Aspire Survival
play.cookieznation.net;CookiezNation
OurEmpire.mc-srv.com:26061;OurEmpire
archivepvp.mpgs.us;Archive PvP
galactiv.com;Galactiv
192.95.14.182;EXOTime Factions
sarxcraft.com;Sarxcraft
159.8.75.40:59544;LavaPvP-24/7-StaffNeeded
paradisecraft.serverminer.com;ParadiseCraft Network
www7070up.sakura.ne.jp;PersonalPvP Gunners
193.111.140.210:26299;bokdcraft
5.152.217.93;TheFireFly
85.190.164.35;CrazyLand
WoodberryMC.mcph.co;WoodBerryMC
94.23.7.187;ForsLand Games
s6.minespan.com:25732;NationCraft
cryptic-mc.com;CrypticKingdoms
Revomc.net;Revomc Need staff
play.exoditepvp.net;Exodite Factions
mc.primegaming.uk;PrimeCraft
play.invictacraft.com:25805;InvictaFactions
play.mcmyths.com;MCMyths
play.invictedpvp.com;Invicted PVP
130.180.201.230:25982;Bens Small Community Server
ags2.apocgaming.org;APOC Agrarian Skies 2
rr3pf.apocgaming.org;APOC RR3 Project Flux
198.24.170.146;BullsEyePvP
server.mcaddplay.com;AddPlay Server - Premium / No Premium
goldensb.com;Golden SkyBlock
FunCraftDe.Eu;FunCraftDe
limitless-mc.com;LimitlessMC Creative
Theblocklife.net;The  block  life  
snowmine.no-ip.org;SnowMine
mc.deadredemption.net;Dead Redemption 
mc.deathlycraft.org;DeathlyCraft
chiselcraft.net;ChiselCraft Factions
162.255.214.132;SnowXCraft
46.20.1.66:1165;Oyun Kardesligi
Gladiatornation.clanservers.com:10070;GladiatorNation
server.mycraft.es;mycraft
node21.ranni.ca:56791;Emerald Factions
104.219.6.55;SkillMC
play.nod-network.net;Nod-Network
206.217.135.23:25595;Play.Nod-network.net
192.99.149.171:25914;Astrea
pvp.revomc.cf;RevoMC
24.102.217.220;MCThunder Network
trpg.apocgaming.org;APOC Tech & RPG
142.4.206.53:27965;CamperCraft
mc.fearpvp.com;fearpvp
mc15.fadehost.com:26172;PlayCraft
37.187.29.204:27114;Extreze (Swe)
74.86.113.213:25681;Bacon Craft
104.219.4.253;Sparta Factions
LegendCraft.GameName.Net;LegendCraft
dahoodpvp.hosthorde.net:26187;DaHoodPvP
mc.icarey.net;iCarey.net Survival
134.255.237.188;SkyLineCraft
167.114.156.212:25633;PureAssassins Server
Play.Cocraft-mc.com;Cocraft
youbuild.us.to:25566;Youbuild
beastbombs.tk:25824;beastbombs
192.99.149.167;FunCraft
96.43.133.53;Adisa619s Server
DarkRealm.us.to;DarkRealm 
vanillamoon.mcworlds.net;Vannila Moon
198.154.115.12;OlympusMC
mc.eldarguard.net;EldarGuard Prison
Mc.EldarGuard.net;EldarGuard
yiaysmc.noip.me;YiaysMC - Tenticubed
37.187.141.64:26078;StrongCraft
Xactionpvp.net:25752;XactionPVP
192.99.20.227:25850;Mastery Survival Craft
dutchkingz.mc-srv.com;DutchKingz
giftedkits.com;GiftedKits
85.95.252.118;FearlessCraft
Exernitepvp.net;DiffusionMC
mc.headplay.es;HeadPlay
yeahcraft.game.nfoservers.com;YeahCraft
Play.TheDomeShard.Net;TheDomeShard
InsanePrison.org;InsanePrison
theoprealms.net;TheOPRealms
sun-lit.tk:25992;The Sun Lit Network
198.24.168.226;Q-Bix Creations
SysteamCraft.playbr.net:25590;SysteamCraft
mashara.playat.ch;Mashara
play.datpixel.net;secretserverstufff
necra.beastmc.com;NecraFactions
mc.swampyhobgoblin.com;vanilla survival
arcanumcraft.mcpro.co;Arcanum Craft
play.mcpotato.net;The Spud Network
192.99.38.164:26655;BrettGamezPack Vanilla Server
pvphere.com;Pvptop
167.114.119.95:25584;PanickyNetwork
scavengercraft.com;XoticPvP
fadecloud.com;fadecloud
176.57.172.6;Dream-Skycraft
192.99.19.73:26913;ZodiacNetwork
alphacraft.minerack.club;AlphaCraft
play.rolecraft.dk;Rolecraft
play.originpvp.com;Origin PvP
167.114.156.184:25669;Age Of Elysian | Cracked
mc.JaffaCraft.co.uk;JaffaNetwork
BasicSB.com;Basic Skyblock
192.99.149.171:25922;ExplorationCraft
167.114.172.109:25655;Axiom
185.38.148.33:25581;VHCraft
mc.side.lv;Side Factions
bfordlancer.mcpro.co;Lancer Craft
mc.theworldoflight.net;The World of Light
altheamc.factions.ws;AltheaMC
192.95.46.24;BlueMoon Factions
185.38.148.42:25589;JuicyPvP
noobcraftpvp.mcph.co;NoobCraftPvP
198.23.247.148;VeenCraft2.0
116.251.198.24:25585;Valeria Pixelmon
wolfcraft.kodimedia.org;WolfieCraft Factions
luxemc.org;LuxeMc
162.213.41.36:25957;Adventure Craft
play.mmominecraft.com:29735;MmoMinecraft
wal-craft.eu;panosmarios
146.0.43.25;Shafted
74.86.113.213:25578;NovaCraft
minecraft95.omgserv.com:12700;MoonGaming
play.planetacraft.net;PlanetaCraft
craftfilm.mcph.eu;CraftFilm
mc.superbonecraft.net;HypeNation
OpGods.Zapto.org;OpGods
minecraftpvp.com;server do rafael 
nashboroughmc.us.to;Nashborough City Server
193.192.59.231:25680;DragonCraft
108.170.20.186:37921;AvicFactions
SimpleRealms.mcserver.ws;Simple Realms
192.99.21.111:25628;FrostWind
69.175.17.2;Life Of Crime DrugCraft Factions
exterminationpvp.beastmc.com;Extermination KitPvP
theshardmc.net;TheShardMc
play.noxumc.net;Minecraft  | Factions Server | NoxuMC
spacetaco.gamename.net;Space Taco Network
soulofmc.apexmc.co:25856;Soul of Minecraft
pvp.fatality.us.to;---- Fatality PvP ----
s9.minespan.com:25727;FishMC
104.219.2.94;Delerium Creative
198.27.68.222:25595;Ramencraft
Play.Cubes-Mc.Com;Cubes-Mc
bfordlancer.mcpro.co;Lancer Craft
162.248.244.37;BrooksMC
atroworld.game.nfoservers.com;Atroworld
162.245.1.141;StarWars MC Star Wars
s46.hosthorde.com:26243;EruptingCraft
manianetwork.net;ManiaCraft
play.minecraftly.com;ApexFactions
92.222.248.182;Ore Box
185.55.242.63;GargantiaPvP
minecraftvn.tk;Ket Noi Dam Me
nokeland.nitrado.net;NokeLand
play.phantom-mc.com;PhantomMC
play.survivalcrafters.com;SurvivalCrafters
167.114.118.196:25577;Op Magic
IceFires.myserver.gs;IceFires
scoot.net9.fi;scooter craft
tothedeathmc.mcph.co:49862;TotheDeathMC
s11.hosthorde.com:26215;Walrus Craft
limitedgames.mcjoin.eu:26426;LimitedGames
37.59.137.197;LoneCrew
pvp.brawlfactions.org;BrawlFactions and Cannoning  Server
66.150.164.157;teamGF Official Modpack Server
necra.beastmc.com;NecraFaction
mc.pistonmc.com;PistonMC
GeneticTownmc-srv.com;GeneticTown
enhancepvp.mc-srv.com;EnhancePVP
104.218.100.100;CosmicGalaxy
mc.craniumpvp.com;CraniumPvP
Atomicfreeze.com;Atomicfreeze
theforgotten.co.vu;The Forgotten Ruins
119.81.65.250:54810;Planet PvP
mc.shadow-craft.net;SteelCraft
s46.hosthorde.com:26243;ErupticCraft
mc.dimension-seven.net;Dimension Seven
infinity.shadownode.ca;Shadownode
167.114.116.145:25911;Uni Network
162.244.164.31:31209;RiftCraft
royaltymc.tk;Royalty Mc
play.foxelcraft.com;FoxelCraft Network
87.98.241.203;EvilCraft
108.170.45.67:25580;Ace of Haste
frozencraft-factions.mcph.co;FrozenCraft
neonet.mcph.co;neonet
NovaNet.mcph.eu;NovaNet
play.theultimatenetwork.nl;TheUltimateNetwork
play.enderforest.com;EnderForest
94.23.206.8:26252;FarmFight
134.255.232.111;CubeCraft
167.114.117.18:25815;Norse Myth - RP
mc.playdtv.nl;DTV server
shadoweye.mcpro.eu;Shadoweye
198.49.65.86;RebelSquadMC
play.hyphenmc.com;The Hyphen
encraft.serverminer.com:26439;ENcraft
216.172.108.101;NoSoulz Survival 
Patolon.tk;Patolon
play.genesispvp.org;GenesisPvP
198.24.158.11:25640;DeltaVanilla
190.0.163.5;BioCraft
play.lunar.network;Lunar Network
balancepvp.net;BalancePvP
66.85.150.10:25635;OblivionMc
162.244.165.111:37724;NightMasters
167.114.118.214:25605;Olympus Craft
185.38.148.138:25578;Diesel Gaming
play.prosperitymc.us:26101;ProsperityNetwork
Play.BlankNetwork.net;Blank Network
mcskynetwork.net;SkyNetwork
mc.micocraft.net;MicoCraft 24/7 Dedicated - Towny economy
play.pvpvanity.com;Vanity Factions
Play.mineslam.com;Aziz9116
play.mineslam.com;mc-central.net
Play.XyleneFactions.Net;Xylene Factions
play.elegantpvp.com;ElegantPvP
minertown.mc-srv.com:25601;Miner Town
192.95.23.154:25627;Ifrit-Craft
mysticcraft.duckdns.org;MysticCraft
smc.rocks;SupremeMC
mc-emily.net;Mc-Emily (AKA E-Nation)
mn.apexmc.co;Magma Sky High Prison
play.motivecraft.co;Motivecraft
mc.JaffaCraft.co.uk;JaffaNetwork
mc.JaffaCraft.co.uk;JaffaNetwork
TheSandboxMC.us;The Sandbox
defcongaming.de;Defcon_Network
zircon.mcph.co;Zircon
gopvp.net;GoPvP
108.170.45.66:25660;Titanium PvP
159.8.75.39;TitanOnline
potionwarriors.net;PotionWarriors
plaguepvp.us;PlaguePvP
SkyRealms.beastmc.com;SkyRealms
192.99.21.76:39743;Astaria 
play-mcsw.mc-srv.com;McSw
shadicraft.mcpro.co;ShadiCraft
vn-mc.mcph.co;Vagabond Network
162.218.116.153;SacredStone
mine-king.com;Mine-King
play.swiftfactions.com;Swift Factions
HyperArcade.mcalias.com;TheHyperArcade
visionpvp.com;VisionPvP
167.114.221.84:25595;fop network
oyna.minestove.com;Minestove
factions.razorpvp.ca;Factions | Raiding | TNT
play.cosmorealm.net;CosmoRealm Network
119.252.189.246:25572;Legion Gaming Minecraft
85.114.133.32:26470;CombatX
platinumcraftpvp.craft.vg;PlatinumCraft
s8.minespan.com:25719;Hot Rod PvP
5.62.100.176;MinerCraft
142.4.217.80:25924;DogeVille
176.9.22.4:25598;Kakaocraft
play.tricoremc.com;TricoreMC
zircon.mcph.co;Zircon
beercraft.mcpro.co;Factions Custom Terrain
DracoKraft.mcph.co;DracoKraft
androidfactions.mcph.co;AndroidFactions
172.245.34.227;PiggyCraft
73.208.81.26;SimpleSMP
DetectPvP.Ggserv.Co;DetectPvP
69.175.38.149;Vanilla Restored
kaoticmc.tk;KaoticMC
mc.venompvp.org;_EzPvP
Pixelminecraft.com;Pixel Minecraft
play.mvpvp.net;MultiVersePvP
172.245.34.10;Kingdomscraft
hard.darktowercraft.com;Dark Tower Survival
mc.LortixRealm.com:25781;Lortix Realm
mc.opticprison.us;OpticPrison
104.219.1.159;Kpcupcake
elitedeath.no-ip.biz;EliteDeath MC
mc.fragshackpvp.us;FragShack PvP
choochoosmc.com;ChooChoosNetwork
mc.gc-sg.org;For the players
23.94.121.149;OnPointMC
167.114.100.63;World War III
coracraft.net;coracraft
play.desocraft.eu;DesoCraft
blockface.ninja;Blockface Ninja
62.141.42.151:26063;EnchantedSurvival
85.190.133.54;Juldre8 Network
mc.darktowercraft.com;Dark Tower Survival Server
diamondbreak.factions.ws;Diamondbreak Factions
jljoegames.hosthorde.net;JLjoegames
176.31.116.123:26572;PlubeKingdom
forceOP.beastmc.com;ForceOP OP Factions 24/7
Beastbombs.tk:25824;UltimateRealm
cubiccraft.mcph.co;Cubic Craft
167.114.118.218:25668;Knights Of The Golden Age
s8.minespan.com:25653;PvpEmpire
mc.crytekpvp.com;Crytek Pvp
paranormalpvp.net;ParanormalPvP
play.Hello-MC.com:43618;HelloCraft
BuildByLight.mcserver.ws;Build By Light
s10.hosthorde.com:25877;OmniCraft
play.HarmoniCraft.com;HarmoniCraft
www.wolfrealms.org;Wolf Realms
CreephurCraft.dmch.nl;CreephurCraft
secretcraft.primedtnt.com;SecretCraft.
193.111.140.222:26350;cybercraft
104.218.100.100;CosmicGalaxy
mineskill.uk;horrible server
auric.io;AuricRealms
mc1.dennisxddxdd.com;OverLord Server
midevilcreative.ranni.ca;Astro Factions
203.33.121.21:25640;GummyBearGaming
mc.iglesiascraft.it;IglesiasCraft
jukebox.uk.to;JukeBox
play.InstinctMC.com;InstinctMC
play.uraniumcloud.net;UraniumCloud
192.99.20.208:26562;Pixelology
absuguild.org;absu minecraft server
104.194.11.18:25678;MythicalPvP
mc.unicraftmc.com;Unicratmc
mc.forgivenrealms.us;Forgivenrealms
brickbro.net:25585;BrickBro
play.guardian-craft.com;GuardianCraft Reborn
mc.manicsend.com;Manics End
platonicmc.mcpro.co;Platonic MC
94.23.200.48;AngerGames
mc.greekcraftpvp.com;GreekCraft
LazleMC.net;LazleMC
Strugglecraft.net;Strugglecraft
survival.voidrealms.net:32696;VoidRealms Survival/Survival Plots
obsidian-realm.mcph.co;Obsidian Realm
thornkings.com;Thornkings
mc.clashrealms.net;ClashRealms
s5.hosthorde.com:26198;Nightmare Factions
minecraftjoe.duckdns.org;Rocket League
colossalmc.ddns.net;ColossalCraft-safe survival and creative
209.105.238.51;Fusion Reloaded 24/7
104.219.7.24;HyperionGaming Just Do It
play.tikalcraft.net;TikalCraft Network
play.fallofanempire.com;Fall of an Empire
play.breakingmc.net;BreakingMC 
play.pvpingnetwork.com;PvpingNetwork
m1.justhost.lt:21003;Mc.BestGame.lt
mc.blondnetworksv.es;BlondNetwork
193.183.99.209;Invicta Roman/Spartan RPG PvP
192.99.21.28:27993;DungeonCraft
play.bitquest.co;40servidoresMC
37.59.69.72:26240;I Killed Elvis
redstone.minecraft.ms;RaptorSBs Redstone Adventures
towns.nitrous.it;Spudcraft
d4rksideos.net;Nationstates - The Nether
kuchfaction.fr;KuchFaction
multicraft.theunknownhosting.tk;MultiCraft
173.236.23.134;Flex Factions
haven-craft.hosthorde.net;HavenCraft
mc.havocnation.net;Havoc Nation
185.38.148.77:25585;MineWorldHub
pixel.rc-gamers.com;pixelmon
bosscraft2.beastmc.com;BossCraft
play.bedrocknetworkmc.net;BedrockNetwork
invadedlands.net;InvadedLands
108.60.205.124;The Word of Syrenica
play.preludecraft.com;Preludecraft
play.polarismc.net;PolarisMC
mcserver.nerdstormproduction.com:25567;Fairy Tail Woooow Official Server
209.148.93.27:25845;ChronosMC
mysticcraft.duckdns.org;MysticCraft
play.proxypvp.com;ProxyPvP
platonicmc.mcpro.co;PlatonicMc
27.254.151.201;The Club Network
DeluxeServers.Org;DeluxeFactions
149.202.82.50:25973;DesiredMC
37.187.159.40:28094;XertonPvP
climaxmc.net;ClimaxMC KitPvp
mythologycraft.mcph.co;MythologyCraft
173.236.63.134;SlugBunnies
108.166.172.86;OlympusCraft
185.38.148.144:25588;NoxoCraft 247 Need staff
37.187.25.36:25577;PoisonGamercraft
198.20.68.249;Inferno Factions
edgeofreality.serverminer.com;Edge Of Reality
omegaproductions.ddns.net;OmegaProductions
swordcraftnet.fluctis.com;AndresEnder777
toxicfactions.net;Toxic Factions
zipboom.mcpro.eu;Boom Craft
extinctmc.com;ExtinctMC
play.gametechmc.net;GameTech Towny with Slimefun
artoriacraft.mcserver.ws;Artoriacraft
mc.adamantprison.net;Adamant Prison - OP Prison
Play.Ravnica-MC.com;Ravnica
173.236.63.139;Apollos Planet
blisscraftmc.com;BlissCraft
s9.minespan.com:25700;Faction
93.114.82.64;Mc.Ruls.Ro
Stef.mcjoin.it;Stef4minecraft
LudiGrad.com;LudiGrad
invadedlands.net;invaded lands
one.expand.rs;expand.rs ONE
thexplorer.de;The Explorer
play.nuclearmc.net;NuclearMC
play.mvpvp.net;MultiversePVP
108.170.20.186:37921;AvicFactions
IcyNetwork.Link;IcyNetwork
ballooncraft.net;BalloonCraft
ultraturk.axitrbilisim.com;UltraTurk
playbendamania.com:25713;Bendamania
legitserver.mcph.co;Legit Server
play.voxalmc.net;VoxalMC Network
play.shadowblazemc.com:28223;Shadowblaze
88.150.136.83;CalculatedPvP
pvp.empiremc.net;EmpireMC
Mc.RaidWars.Es;RaidWars Factions
play.minespud.com;MineSpud
play.pebblecraft.org;PebbleNetwork
us.latty.org;secretserver2
Node36.Minecrafted.net:25824;MineJam
173.236.23.138;mdmc official
botsonik.beastmc.com;Botsoniks simple PVP Factions server
mc.arcticrealms.net;Arctic Realms
Minespazio.com;MineSpazio
108.170.6.138:49462;Zlare Gaming
198.20.110.189;Bazinga Falls
play.slashminecraft.com;SlashMinecraft
107.6.181.141;Demonfox1
s7.minespan.com:25706;EnchantedFactionPvP
play.backstabmc.ga;KrazyOP
MysticCraft.beastmc.com;Mystic Craft
uk-mc1.serenityservers.net;Oz-Craft
108.61.205.246:10050;Reds World
HavocPvP.net;HavocPvP
174.138.171.122;Immortal Prison
GS52.swifthosting.dk:25592;Icecream Pvp
s8.minespan.com:25719;HotRodPvp
play.Minelife.eu;PRUT
162.244.167.31:25971;NameThatGame
5.62.117.197;Watch Dogs
play.vanillacaves.com;VanillaCaves
play.mateoc.com;WolfCraft
apocatraz.net:25615;Apocatraz Redux
108.170.44.134;xPaintys Server
192.99.44.171:25903;MCMG1 - Need Staff
mlgisland.mc-srv.com:25766;MLG Skyblock
104.207.157.185:10110;Invision MC
nixnetwork.hosthorde.net;Nix Network
184.171.243.240:25567;ShadyCraft
s1.minespan.com:25895;Unified Gaming
deltaria.org:27575;Deltaria
play.systematicpvp.com;SystematicPvP
37.187.25.36:25588;FactionVille
23.94.121.86;RemnantCraft
198.143.140.204;FallenDepths
play.ShadowCity.us;ShadowCity 
play.minehour.net;Minehour Network
play.calamitymc.com;CalamityMC Network
UnbelievableMC.mcph.co;UnbelievableMC
mc.onpointmcs.com;OnPointMcs
fow.craft.vg;Fowcraft PT/BR - RankUps/Minas
play.mcsolarcraft.com;SolarCraft
unlimitednetwork.us;Unlimited Network
192.99.46.95:25910;Rapture
ikitpvp.com:25624;IkitPvp
167.114.65.206:25671;AndroidCraft Factions Server
192.3.106.98;Reign of Warriors
198.23.247.132;Sky Wolf Packs
167.114.1.211:25761;FearlessSk8rz
play.SkyRealms.biz;SkyRealms Prison
167.114.101.146:25803;MatrixNetwork
nomnomcraft.mcpro.co;NomNomCraft
factions.nexocraft.com;NexoCraft Blue
VayrinRealms.mc-srv.com;Vayrin Realms
lightstrafe.mcpro.co;Superpixel
92.222.248.182;YourHigh
66.225.195.106;Collective Genius
play.bordox.org;Bordox
s9.minespan.com:25812;Deo Gaming
McMightyPlayers.com;MightyPlayers
167.114.118.214:25778;DarkForest
apocatraz.net:25615;Apocatraz Redux
play.theblockade.net;The Blockade
HiddenPathway.us:25734;HiddenPathway
37.187.144.76;Chrunchie Craft
s32.hosthorde.com:25803;Celestial Pokemon League
108.170.24.114:34469;Xenon SMP
108.170.24.114:34469;Xenon SMP
playgreednglory.net;Greed & Glory
198.50.234.56;Sword Infinity
PhantomsMC.ddns.net;Phantom Network MC
home.crafters-island.com;Crafters Island
BlazeCraftFactions.beastmc.com;BlazeCraft Factions
prison-heist.com;Prison-Heist
198.143.138.163;EndlessGaming
nicktayl.com;Minecraft FunHouse
188.212.101.169;HardCoreGaming
guardiancraft.fmc.pw;Guardiancraft
198.101.12.115;fnaf in minecraft
wolfcraft.mcraft-ip.com;WolfCraft
mc.intrepidcraft.com;Intrepid Craft
pvp.radminati.com;RadminatiPVP
185.57.188.141;Skill Gaming
167.114.118.214:25778;Dark Forest
108.170.44.134;xPainty craft
162.244.165.11:61605;DollaPvP
legionmc.vahosting.net;LegionMC
Jatson29.ApexMC.Co;OpticWars
reflexnetwork.mc-srv.com;ReflexNetwork
mc.thronos.net;Thronos
78.46.97.248;TurtelCraft
184.154.200.106;ExodusPvP
pvpnation.us;PVPNation.us
play.pixteria-mc.net;Pixteria Network
167.114.65.184:25678;ImmixMC
mc.solarburst.net;SolarBurst
mc.playpvp.net;PlayPvP
mc.indica.space;IndicaSpace
198.20.179.130:26613;BattleCrafters
crime-mc.tk;Crime-MC | Drugs and Factions
185.38.148.169:25591;SquillyCraft
fwoup.net;Fwoup Creative
mc.protvpvp.com;ProtvPvP
185.28.188.139:32513;Games4Turk
198.50.206.200;Profound Factions
108.163.239.22;FireStar MC
mc.orangecraft.net;Orangecraft
polarmc.ddns.net;PolarMC
SpecialistMC.net;SpecialistMC
37.187.153.8:27265;GoldenAppleNetwork
mc.gecommunity.org;GECommunity
208.115.247.164:25969;MythologyCraft
mc.icej.biz;ICEJ
192.95.46.16;Pumpkin Craft
184.154.200.106;ExodusPvP
Somethingprison.com;jjtheman14
Play.everythingsurvival.net;Everythingsurvival
mc.voidcraftpvp.com;VoidCraft
192.99.226.225:25625;CoreFactionsPvp
play.desocraft.eu;DesoCraft
play.desocraft.eu;DesoCraft
play.desocraft.eu;DesoCraft
play.desocraft.eu;DesoCraft
158.69.33.159;EcoGames
play.olympiarpg.com;Olympia RPG
Mc.JesterMcServer.com;JesterMcServer Main Server
MazaPrison.mcalias.com;MazaPrison
play.the-unknown.com;The Unknown
siegecraft.apexmc.co;SiegeCraft
es.vertexmc.net;VertexMC
miniblock.beastmc.com;Miniblock
198.12.65.60;KungfuCraft 
Endercraft.mcnode.net;Endercraft
104.218.100.70:25566;Seans Classic Minecraft Server 
Play.KS-Survival.com;K&S Survival
legendcentral.club;secretserver3
104.37.29.14:25865;AshCraft
legionmc.vahosting.net;LegionMC Network
76.92.230.144;Puribas Server
play.fearlegends.us:25745;FearLegends
142.4.218.206;IdrisRPG
76.72.172.232:25748;Skyrims Legacy
drkcmmndr.beastmc.com;Drkmonks Server
InvertedEzra.net;InvertedEzra
199.202.218.66;Broken Ruins
167.114.173.78:25580;Stanley Server
192.99.201.99:25790;MinedexUS
icynetwork.link;IcyFactions
Mc.azote.lv;HardGamer
play.deniscraft.info;DeniSCraft
TheSparkMC.com;TheSparkMC
za1t.playminecraft.tk;Za1tCraft
192.99.21.111:25604;MidNight Survival
northhope.hosthorde.net:25852;North Hope
s3.minespan.com:25832;SkyRiver
37.187.158.175:40325;MobLoot
poptartparadise2.mcph.co;PopTart Paradise2
mc.therats.uk;The Rats
play.wolfnation.org;wolfnation factions
176.31.246.51:25569;OmegACraft
moss.mcph.eu;MossCraft
minescape.us;MineScape
play.mc-thunderstrike.com;Mcthunderstrike
HappyKraft.com;HappyKraft
158.69.98.121;Cubic Combat
162.244.165.181:44123;KvatchFactions
play.mc-thunderstrike.com;MC ThunderStrike
37.59.69.72:25749;SkyCraft Factions 
192.99.21.111:25605;Epic_Craft
173.236.63.216;Kirby Craft
witheredpvp.apexmc.co;WitheredPvP
ls.beastmc.com;Legacy Survival
IcyNetwork.Link:25917;IcyFactions
crackheads.mcnode.net;Crackheads
108.170.21.43;Floopr
mc.sinksmc.com;SinksMC
play.gizmocraftservers.com:25650;Gizmocraft Survival Australia
theyins.mcph.co;AlphaCraft
162.244.167.51:41152;ArcheCraft
108.170.21.43;floopr 3 Pvp
198.50.234.36;Perfectt Escape Factions Server (NEW)
royalgames.hgbr.net;Royal Games
Zohu.us;Zohu
198.24.178.178:33453;Golden Network Survival
149.202.149.162;FireCraft
mc.shackcraft.net;ShackCraft
mc40.crew.sk:25576;happycraft94
diamondtnt.mcph.eu;Diamond Tnt
pvp.insaneraids.com;InsaneRaids
185.38.148.185:25584;Democraftic Minions
fetalcraft.beastmc.com;Fetalcraft
162.245.0.146;MxR-Craft
smp.fcraft.net:6660;fCraft SMP
colossalcrafting.mcph.co;ColossalCrafting
Elitedeath.no-ip.biz;Elite Death
185.38.148.152;AtoxMC
minecrazy.us.to;MineCrazy
208.115.247.164:25969;MythologyCraft
mc.flyingturtles.ca;FlyingTurtles
haven-craft.hosthorde.net;HavenCraft
tppi2.herdofsquirrels.com;Herd of Squirrels TPPI2
mc.qubecraft.com;QubeCraft
5.196.185.24;Planet Monster
naypvp.mc-server24.de;Naypvp
play.diehardpvp.com;Diehard PVP
procraftplus.ddns.net;Procraft
PixelationMC.net;Pixelation
play.hcworldcraft.com;Hardcore Worldcraft
toatscraft.com;Toatscraft
ggpvp.dk;GGPVP
trgb.us;TRGB
paradisecraft.serverminer.com:26258;ParadiseCraft
play.frostpvp.net;FrostPvP
119.252.190.243:25865;MorganNET
85.14.227.80;Yessicraft Pixelmon
purpleprison.net;purple prison op
vayrinrealms.mc-srv.com;Vayrin Realms
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Creative
162.244.164.101:46087;Solar Flare Multiverse
play.slaycraft.eu;SlayCraft
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis
mc.polocraft.net;PoloCraft
hypercubes.us.to:25597;Hypercubes Skywars
equitizer.com:1234;VSserver
46.4.90.169:25566;ForgeCraft
romusket.mcph.eu;RoMusket Server
MinLeonCraft.com;MinLeonCraft
5.255.85.202:26383;OblivianCraft
awesome-adventure.boogers.tk:33333;Awesome Adventure
88.150.171.106;KingdomHeartsMC
Mc.MagicLandPT.Net;MagicLandPT
GamersHQ-Main.mcs4.me;GamersHQ-Main
play.reactivemc.com;ReactiveMC
198.24.162.90:44183;KonaCraft
185.38.148.64:25588;ProperPvP
jogar.newcraftworld.net;NewCraftWorld
198.24.171.26:60479;DomonatorCraft
162.252.83.95:25598;UniverCityCraft
HexaPrison.com;HexaPrison
64.31.50.239;TheRedstoneNetwork
play.promcgames.com;promcgames
prisonbreak.mcpro.eu;Prison Break
mianite20.mymc.io;World of Mianite
play.mcpantheon.com;MC Pantheon
Aliquam.org;Aliquam
198.50.141.80:25929;InfectedNetwork
198.50.141.80:25929;EvolvePvp
mc.vanillagalaxy.net;Vanilla Galaxy
Riot-MC.com;Riot MC
mc.hideoutmc.net;HideoutMC
Play.TheFearlessNetwork.com;TheFearlessNetwork
play.mcblazeitcraft.com;BlazeItCraft
mc.playcraftnetwork.com;PlayCraft
toomanyco.ws;Too Many Cows
play.budderpvp.com;BudderPvP
167.114.103.191:26808;DemiseRealm
198.23.247.186;NO name Yet
s1.minespan.com:25659;GrayServ
dvz.clashwars.com;ClashWars Dwarves VS Zombies (DvZ)
mc.EnragedPvP.us;EnragedPvP
snakebros.mcpro.co;SnakeBros
mc.nuciistorm.eu;NucIIstorm Minecraft
diamondcraftmc.factions.ws;DiamondCraftMC
xpcraft.mygs.co;XPCraft
s4.minespan.com:25729;The Swift Network
hyrise.tnacraft.com;Hyrise
eu.skullmc.org;SkullGaming
mineplay.us.to;MinePlay (Factions) (Guns) (Economy)
184.154.200.104;VexilityCraft
167.114.1.210:25576;ore craft
mc.tmwgamers.com;TMW PVP 
imperial.a2g.gs:25575;Imperial
njaahk.com:25564;NjaahkMinecraft
planetnova.mcpro.co;PlanetNova 
158.69.39.57;CubeWarZ
pixel.rc-gamers.com;RC-Pixelmon
multiminigames.mcpro.co;Multi Minigames
rr.xiquadrant.co.uk:25568;Xi Quadrant Resonant Rise
mc.battlemine.net;BattleMine.net
184.164.152.98;Red Oak Network
69.175.118.34:33406;Tundra Raids
play.olympianpvp.com;OlympianPvp
ratolandia.com.br;RatoLandia | Network
SPPMC.biz.tm:25777;SPPMC
66.85.150.13;MagicCraft
minesworld.mcph.co;MinesWorld
DP-MC.NET;Diamond Point
69.175.45.142;WillCraft
play.mythcraftpvp.com;MythCraft
62.57.137.94;Medievo
eu.shadenetwork.com;ShadeNetwork
SRV19.mz31.minez.us;TunaCraft
1.raremaddness.co.uk;Rare Maddness Network
64.74.111.81:25568;JuniperCraft
royal-peak.com;Royal Peak Prison
MineHeroes.net;mineheroes
192.99.0.48;FunCraft - Factions
94.23.209.127:25767;OwnageMc
corebite.beastmc.com;CoreBite Factions
s16.hosthorde.com:26127;Xeak World
46.105.111.32:28020;Ultimacy Factions
survivalsb.com;SkyBlock
play.raidstorm.net;Raidstorm
142.4.218.206:25895;SkyTime OP Skyblock
64.31.50.222;Wintersreach
survivalmc.nitrous.it;SurvivalMC
CookieShard.beastmc.com;CookieShard
74.86.113.213:25630;KoalaNettwork
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis
play.empyreanmc.org;EmpyreanMC
hexxit.chillaxnetworks.com:25566;Chillax Hexxit
play.mcpotato.net;The Spud Network
142.4.217.111:25918;GooseLand Modded Factions
Play.PickaxeGames.com:25567;Pickaxe Games
mc.vitalityverse.com;Vitality Verse
mc.sircraked.com;SirCraked
factorious.eu;Factorious
mc.contrabanned.net;ConrtraBanned
167.114.89.108;Townyverse
69.175.97.42:65250;SunflowerCraft  Funland 3 Map
stickypvp.nitrous.it;Sticky PVP
192.99.24.143;Hyper Cube Gaming
orocraft.mc-srv.com;OroCraft
198.154.102.135;WarCraftCity
theultimatemc.beastmc.com;TheUltimateFactions
Wildpvp.org;WildPvP
192.99.21.216:28706;TheGamingMc
bergwerklabs.de;BergWerkLABS
blitzcraft.spartanhost.net:26086;BlitzCraft
172.245.31.25;DoWhatEver
QueensLanding.hosthorde.net;Queens Landing
play.gametechmc.net;GameTech
198.154.102.129;Chraft
bat.us.to;batcraft
titangaming.mcserver.ws;TitanGaming
play.es-mc.co;Elitesurvival
thecyberrealms.mcph.co;The Cyber Realms
167.114.102.199:25743;Top Factions
216.53.213.123:25582;Acticraft
endercloud.com;EnderCloud
play.LittleBirdMC.com;LittleBirdMC
pvp-potato.mcpro.co;Potato PvP
sky-sg.net;MineOfPvp
play.ageofpvp.net;AgeOfPvP
craftplayz.us.to;CraftPlayz
magmolegends.us.to;Magmo Legends
167.114.209.80:25638;CubeifyCraft
vanillagames.swifthosting.dk;Vanilla-Games
hg.lithiagaming.com;LiTHiA Hunger Games
kubeenmc.ddns.net;Kubeen THE Minecraft Server
pvp.fetalcraft.com;Fetalcraft
mc.nucleardistrict.net;Nuclear District Survival
mc.cyanideservices.net;Cyanide Services OP Factions
173.236.23.181;Terra-Verse
themain.mcph.co;The Main
198.143.150.87;InfiniCraft
ultimateprison.net;UltimatePrison
162.223.9.80;Vanilla With Sprinkles
142.4.204.96;Apex-PVP
au.sakepvp.com;SakePvP
play.aeropvp.net;Aeropvp.net
play.sky-verse.net;SkyVerse Network - Op Prison server
play.atomattack.net;Cracked -  AtomAttack Magic
Nexy-Craft.spacetechnology.net;Klod.Nexy-Craft
assaultcraft.mcsrv.eu;AssaultCraft
32.209.176.124;Microcraft
192.99.21.216:28851;UraniumPrison Reborned
shadowuniverse.mcph.co;ShadowUniverse
altnetwork.nl;ALT Network
kwb.digitask.be;MineHeads
176.31.241.137:62278;Crown Conquest
193.111.140.155:26234;dahliacraft
Mc.RaidRealmPvP.com;Raid Realm PvP
ultimateprison.net;UltimatePrison
ultimateprison.net;UltimatePrison
StrawBerryCraft.mcpro.co;StrawBerryCraft
minecombat3.gamehosting.it;Minecombat 
GS52.swifthosting.dk:25592;Gold Op Prison
5.255.85.209:26263;CobbleNetwork
91.121.183.209;Derpsticks
play.voyagerclould.net:25929;VoyagerClould
FactionsNetwork.net;FactionsNetwork
reincraft.mcpro.eu:35998;ReinCraft
24.159.243.98;GnarBros
188.68.249.38:27416;SkzHC HardCoore
play.globalminecraft.net;Global Minecraft
play.thediamondempire.net;thediamondempire
play.thediamondempire.net;thediamondempire
play.thediamondempire.net;thediamondempire
192.99.161.55:58590;Ever_So_Slightly
92.240.236.17:25590;Mine.Funsite.Cz PVP
IslandCraft.dvpsmc.net;IslandCraft Build Community
vixenishpvp.net:25996;VixenishPVP 2.0
kingdompvpfactions.mcph.co;KingdomPvP
23.95.30.174;Pokecraft
mc.thesilentproject.net;TheSilentProjects
Play.Assembled.us;AssembledNetwork
play.mc-fort.net;MC Dortress
198.20.98.207;XenCraft
play.hypecraft.pw:25907;Hypecraft
167.114.209.80:25743;Uprising Skyblock
minecraftserver.com;superwyatt14s server
play.genesispvp.org;GenesisPvP
CorruptGaming.mcpro.co;Corrupt Gaming
blockzcraft.com;BlockZCraft
180.235.148.33;MCSMCraft
knightcraft.ax.lt;KnightCraft
94.23.14.209:25572;LudumCraft
mc.creepypixels.tk;Creepy Pixels
a1craft.com;a1craft.com
play.humancraft.net;HumanCraft
HanzoCraft.BeastMC.com;HanzoCraft
mc.thegoldengalaxy.net;The Golden Galaxy
play.clubcs.ro;Play.Clubcs.Ro
81.8.246.246;scanncraft
play.lunar.network;Lunar Network
pacedpvp.tk:25580;Pacedpvp
45.34.35.195;ImperianGaming
fortismc.mcalias.com:26212;FortisMC
play.hyrealm.net;Hyrealm
play.thediamondempire.net;thegametc90
198.24.128.234:29541;PalmtreeNation FFA
wn.ftb.host;WrecklessNation Prison Server
play.highrez.net;HighRez
S17.hosthorde.com:26141;Splash Network
play.skyoholicregion.net;SkyOholic Factions
brawl.com;Enes Server
thewookielair.com;The Wookie Lair
pvp.mzcraft.net;MzCraft
play.paragonmc.net;Paragon MC
162.245.0.28;DarkCraftZone
play.aspirepvp.com;AspirePvP
play.vilemc.net;VileMC
pgu.ddns.net;Perfect Gaming Unlimited
198.50.234.55;DarkCloud Factions
login.mcraft.su:25569;MCRAFT.SU
play.pheonixpvp.eu;Pheonixpvp
thatbeastcraft.mcsrv.eu;Beastcraft
209.105.236.136;TheDarkLegion
mc.playdtv.nl;DutchTV Server
167.114.100.112:25749;Pure Entertainment - OPFactions
192.99.116.236;FaxCraft KITPVP
mc.blizzardpvp.com;BlizzardPvP
liminy.net;Life in Minecraft Years
167.114.1.211:25761;FearlessSk8rzz Factions OP
149.255.38.50:58593;Ironstate prison
176.31.208.221:25680;nikola
mcgalaxycraft.net;GalaxyCraft
208.115.247.164:25969;McMythologyCraft
mc.anvilon.net:25985;Anvilon
node1.gts-gs.com:25573;ComplexiaMC
play.gld.bz;Great Light Desert
play.gamingtheheat.com;TheHeatCraft
mc.obsidianprison.com;Obsidian Prison
BoatCraftNetwork.us.to;BoatCraftNetwork
mc.finalfightpvp.info;Final Fight PVP
mc.mcdrugcartel.com;Drug Cartel
mc.resimare.com;Resimare
play.vandalprison.com:26233;VandalPrison
Factionbeasts.us:25550;Op Factions 
MC.TooMuchModesty.com;Too Much Modesty
mc.hira.io;Hira
Awsomegamerz.mcpro.co:46249;Awsome_Gamerz Official Server
gs50.enderchest.pl:25749;EvolutionSurv
ultimateprison.net;UltimatePrison
5.9.73.71:25593;OblivionMC
play.pirateseas.net;Pirate Seas
crimemc.fluctis.com;CrimeMc
play.jerkycraft.com;JerkyCraft
192.99.47.146:40591;LightHG
edge-craft.ddns.net;Edge-Craft
mc.sapphirerealms.com;Sapphire Realms
192.99.161.55:25695;Infinity Factions
play.trueminecraft.com;True Minecraft
play.theinfinitymc.net;Infinity Network
108.163.239.17;ElementalFactions
63.143.45.163:26637;NaruCraft
mastercraft-mc.tk;MasterCraft
play.pyrexpvp.com;Pyrexpvp
play.imbercraft.com;ImberCraft
play.imbercraft.com;ImberCraft
5.196.90.55:25727;DymeCraft
185.38.148.64:25567;AvasMinds
108.170.45.67:25625;Vindlecraft
play.vluxpvp.com:30223;VluxPvP
aquaraids.com;AquaRaids
mc.shawshankmc.net;ShawshankMC
ageofcrafts.com;Age of Crafts
play.mcblackcraft.net;MCBlackcraft
167.114.172.108:25605;Swifty Craft
dustmc.de;MinecraftTurkGamers
108.170.50.231;Nebula 9
mc15.fadehost.com:26125;SilverStormRolePlay
134.255.237.123;Wirtschaftsserver Flixx
VultureFactions.org;VultureFactions
gontrix.de;Gontrix
play.pyrexpvp.com;Pyrex PVP
37.228.137.53;K-Mine
192.99.105.78;Lyfe Nations 
167.114.158.79:25673;Arsenal MC
play.pyxiscraft.com;PyxisCraft
play.threemcsandonedj.com;Three MCs and one DJ
Play.DK-MC.com;DKMC Takistan
play.acepvp.net;AcePvP
167.114.156.62:25654;Epicraft
mc50.vgmc.us:25624;Ignite Factions
s15.hosthorde.com:26087;SolarSupremacy
75.139.172.245:25577;DreamGasm
MC.SwiftSB.com;SwiftSkyBlock
Lightcraft.ftb.host;LightCraft
zircon.mcph.co;Zircon Factions
hyperionnetwork.org;Hyperion-Network
vnllapvp.beastmc.com;100 Vanilla Survival
193.192.59.231:25777;Asterix MC Server Balkan
s18.hosthorde.com:26152;Strawberry Factions
PvPCo.in;PvPCoin OPFactions
5.135.200.49;Crystal Network
5.135.200.49;Crystal Network
superpowers.sytes.net;SuperPowers
mc.blitz-anime.online;Blitz Anime
62.210.102.86:25576;MaynGame
crafting-death.com;Crafting Death
37.187.147.202;Blitzxcraft
play.cheesysprinklez.tk;CheesySprinklez
MarderMiners.de;MarderMiners
eterniacraft.net;EterniaCraft
198.50.141.89;BaconCraft
play.argus-mc.com;ArgusMC
198.245.51.93:25566;ModSauce 2 v.2.2.2.2
play.lunar.network;The Vault - play.lunar.network
mc.agmc.co;Aegis Op-Mines
deathcraft.playsrv.nl;DeathCraft
172.245.208.152;Fairy Tail Kamui
192.99.200.121;HeroicCraft
37.187.153.77:25575;IXEN Networks
mc.azidepvp.tk;AzidePvP
167.114.180.227;CloverCraftMC
tangicraft.com;TangiCraft
162.244.165.155;TrinityCraft
classcraft.mcph.co;ClassyCraft
play.mc-nation.com;MCNation
162.244.164.10;PhantomRelm
LeServerNetwork.tk;LeServerNetwork Factions
play.kaspermc.com;KasperMC
anthrax.mcnode.net;Anthrax
62.210.102.86:25588;world of the unknown
StormPvP.beastmc.com;StormPvP
wolf-craft-now.mcph.co;Wolf-Craft
play.novaprison.org;Nova Prison
198.143.150.79;Splattercraft Survival
PvPCo.in;PvPCoin OPFactions
75.102.46.67:25665;conquer mc 
play.gearhardtminecraft.com;Dillcraft faction/Creative server
play.crazynetworkmc.com;Crazy Network 
MC-Guilds.com;MC-Guilds
199.202.218.66;BrokenRuins
mc.geomecraft.com;Geomecraft
Anthrax.mcnode.net;Anthrax
play.glyphmc.net;GlyphMC
108.170.6.138:53165;Death Loot Craft
Mc.RaveCraft.Net;RaveCraft
mc.ftec.net;Panda Craft
wildernesspvp.mcph.co:46666;Wilderness Assault
play.time4events.us;Time4Events
50.203.65.50;Zion PvP
23.95.53.18;Return of the Dead
beyond.mineaurion.com;Mineaurion Beyond Reality
CastleCraft.eu;CastleCraft
s18.hosthorde.com:26158;ZombieHorde
92.222.239.238;Egaly-Fight
keplertowny.com;KeplerTowny PvP PvE Runecraft
PlayCraftPvP.com;PlayCraftPvP
hungermc.us.to;HungerMC
play.craftinmatrix.net;CraftinMatrix Network
162.244.167.51:60112;Lands of Eregion
192.99.18.164:26491;The Gaming Network
play.folsomprison.us;Folsom Prison
play.infmc.net;Infini Network
diamondnetwork.fluctis.com;Diamond Network
37.187.25.36:25601;Chaos-Factions
184.95.35.197;TheHypeeeeeeee
mc.play-goldcraft.com;Goldcraft
184.95.35.197;Hype
184.95.35.197;Hypeeeeaa
us.minecub.es;Yologto854
TwistedMc.mc-srv.com:26903;TwistedMc
206.221.177.170:47618;LoseCraft
50.131.158.47:25566;HyperLegacy V2.0
PhantomMC.hopto.org;PhantomMC
mc.DivineDrugs.net;Divine Drugs
sot.mcph.co;Siege of Thorn
mc.ftec.net;Panda Craft
chavez.beastmc.com;Leashless Reality
s56.1game.ua:25616;omgCREEPER
108.60.193.203;Disrupted-Dimensions
galaxyhaven.fluctis.com;Galaxy Haven
bsh.strangled.net;Sunstar Factions PVP
167.114.156.63;SoFlowGaming
198.50.176.0;VectorCraft
catscraft.net;Catscraft
fragpvp.com;FragPvP
jogar.vikingcraft.net;VikingCraft - Full PvP
minehut.noip.me;MineHut
paradiescraft.minecraft.to;Paradiescraft
5.255.70.77:26048;Your-Craft network
198.50.141.89;BaconCraft
nocoords.com;Nocoords
158.85.69.138:50757;GhastCraft
mc.IceFlowerGaming.net;IceFlowerGaming.net
158.69.26.186:25634;GameBattle
88.150.171.60;OlaKMmc
invertedcraft.mooo.com;InvertedCraft
play.orbitpvp.com;extronushd
192.99.148.39:25796;RandomMC
s10.minespan.com:25674;eliteminecraftnetwork
quicraft.ml;Quicraft
play.epicube.fr;Epicube
Auricmc.com;Auricmc
play.hypecraft.pw;Hypecrafted
paradox.shockbyte.com;Paradox Factions
mc.rpcgaming.net;RPCGaming
hypocraft.com;HypoCraft
mc.vanillagalaxy.net;Vanilla Universe
mgc-networks.zapto.org;MGC-Networks
167.114.1.218:26006;RagePvP- Factions
connect.ibmc.me;IBMCNetwork
bugsbunny.inc.mcserver.ws;Bugsbunny.inc
wildernesspvp.mcph.co;Wilderness Assault 
162.213.42.179:25566;HydriPvP
167.114.209.179:39562;Desert World Extreme
MCZombified.net:25790;MCZombified
Phoenix-Queen.com;Phoenix Queen
simplyplaycraft.gamename.net;SimplyPlayCraft
MythriaMC.BeastMC.com;Mythria
www.caseycraft.com;caseycraft.com
play.rynonetwork.us;Ryno Network
78.46.36.43:29539;Hallowed PvP
119.81.145.67:42198;Devastator Network
McPandaCraft.de;McPandaCraft
mc.mineclaw.tk;Mine Claw
Play.ScorchedPvP.org;ScorchedPrison
37.187.89.40:25630;Arhenon World - OP Factions
play.clfprison.com;CLF Prison
vastitudefactions.mcpro.co;Vastitude Factions
bugsbunny.inc.mcserver.ws;Bugsbunny.inc
s7.minespan.com:25738;Cosmic Legions
runawayprison.tk:28103;OblivionMc
167.114.137.143;Resource Rampage
mcalone1.mr-hosting.ru:27821;MinecraftAlone
play.rockypvp.com;RockyPvP
65.60.58.18;CrimsWorld
tjminecraft.com;The Jungle
dw.sorbmc.com;SORB Direwolf20
c.slmc.co;CityLife MC
188.165.220.68:27140;Sky Heaven
192.99.31.189;The FriesHub Network
mc.yetinetwork.com;YetiNetwork
167.114.100.111:25858;PokeLife
beastfactions.mcpro.co;BeastFactions
void.mc-srv.com:25971;The Void
DZAOK.minecraft-mania.fr;DZAOK
23.95.34.155;Factions
pvp.futurefactions.ga;Future Factions
pvpdis.mcpro.co;PvP District
192.99.20.227:25789;RazorSurvival
BearUniverse.net;BearUniverse
mc.worldcrafteros.net;WorldCrafteros
towny.na.anthrox.us;Anthrox Gaming -- Towny
SmileDest.Ru;SmileDest
Archanum.Net;Archanum
198.24.172.58:57171;ParagonMC
104.207.143.155:10110;Arcadia craft
168.1.74.15:44460;Infinite Dimensions
119.252.189.213:27363;TeraTrial
play.last-craft.com;Last-Craft RuServer
play.the-crafters-chest.tk;The Crafters Chest
167.114.102.205:25826;Best Server
scotty.telic.us;Gladiator Skyblock
periculumcraft.gamename.net:25925;PericulumCraft
GodSquad.mcalias.com;GodSquad
192.99.38.198:27909;EnderCraft Survival
reflexmc.serveminecraft.net;ReflexMC
ironpixel.nitrous.it;IronPixel Factions PVP
108.170.6.138:42965;Rawrzyomaster Mc
23.235.253.37;Ocean Gaming
jogar.stormcraft.com.br;StormCraft
eclipsepvpmc.mcph.co:31434;Eclipse PvP
eu.jerseycraft.net;Eu JerseyCraft Hub
198.143.140.36;Aerithis Factions
godsquad.mcalias.com:25643;GodSquad
nexonpvp.co;Nexon PvP
69.175.115.15;ChimCraft
s39.hosthorde.com:26064;United Factions
mc.warcraft.gg;WarCraft
fpsfactions.shockbyte.com;FPS Factions
zabazu.com;zabazu
thekingcraftnetwork.mc-srv.com:26037;The KingCraft Network
thedarkmatter-network.com;DarkMatter Network
mc.playeuboea.net;Euboea
s16.hosthorde.com:26102;WildCraft
198.50.141.89;BaconCraft
optimusmc.nitrous.it;OptimusMC
198.20.127.94;BlazeUp
Kinnunen-network.com;Minecraft SMP
play.kraizepvp.com;KraizePVP - Unique Factions
s15.hosthorde.com:26087;SolarSupremacy
jjplayzz.mcpro.eu;JJ Craft
dreamland.verygames.es;ifuturewars
minecraft55.omgserv.com:12744;MineWorldSV
82.14.190.49;Insert Original Name
37.187.153.39:25812;A Private Server
pvp.thewalkingcraft.us;The Walking Craft
random-craft.tk;Random Survival
evolvedpvphub.nitrous.it;ProspectMC Op prison
thevillagercraft.shockbyte.com:36317;TheVillagerCraft
65.60.15.93;ToxicAsylum
splasherworld.com;SplasherWorld
legacymcpr.mcpro.co;Legacy MC
mc.gtwy.net;Gtwys US East Survival Server
ClaytaxPvP.VgMc.Us;ClaytaxPvP (Custom Enchants)
108.174.60.13;Infinite Factions
play.minelegends.us;UltraCraft
herofactions.net;Hero Factions
pvp.futurefactions.ga;FutureFactions
mceclipsecraft.mcpro.co;EclipseCraft
123pvp.com;123pvp
172.88.166.157:25535;FreedomeSMP
65.60.18.12;Crime Syndicate
MRUCraft.com;MRUCraft
162.245.0.28;DarkCraftZone
192.99.161.55:58598;Cyanite
varsitycraft.shockbyte.com:26066;VarsityCraft
167.114.4.206:30080;AEDFWorld
SempiternalCraft.factions.ws;Sempiternal Craft
178.32.225.114:27890;Game-World Server
sip.virtucraft.nl:25573;VirtuCraft
sf.mineblowingcraft.lhmc.net;MineBlowingCraft SkyFactory
play.flatlabs.de:28860;FlatLABS Netzwerk
pryariah.net;Pryariah_Network
thecyberrealms.mcph.co;The Cyber Realms
pvp.hype-mc.org;HypeMC
play.moralitycraft.com;MoralityCraft
s7.minespan.com:25789;RetronixPvP
167.114.172.108:25656;EdenCraft
CrackeServer.Tk;LevisCraft
play.my-craft.net;My-Craft
spaxcraft.mcpro.co;SpaxCraft
skyfront.dmch.nl:25585;SkyFront
159.8.75.39:48644;ReactPvP
s17.hosthorde.com:26152;Forgotten Shores
hazardcraft.spartanhost.net;Hazardcraft Factions
TheBOC.serverpit.com;The Brothers of Creperum
My-Build.de;My-Build
Play.boundlessmc.com;Boundless Creativity
88.150.171.178;Bedrock Raid
Punchpvp.com;BorderlandPvP
Diamond-Universe.mcpro.co:32590;Diamond-Universe
31.214.143.49;EinsamerPlays-Comunity-Server
167.114.1.211:25791;Epic Survival
Realmspvp.uk;Realmspvp
wal-craft.com;Wal-Craft Server
184.95.35.194:51145;HackWare
rawminecraft.com;RawMinecraft
Pressuremc.us;PressureMc
mc-thezortex.com;ZorTex
royalfactions.beastmc.com;Royal factions
ambitionpvp.link;AmbitionPvP
37.187.167.172:40487;BulgarianCraft
5.189.144.15;ZastCraft
play.wafflecore.net; The Core
Mc.TurkOyuncuMC.Com;kralcanw
5.255.70.76:25988;Anonymouscraft
66.168.91.126;Aero-Craft
node21.ranni.ca:55958;SinisterFactions
SSCrafty.mcserver.ws;SSCrafty
play.fiercemc.us;FierceMc
apparationpvp.mcph.co;ApparationPvP
Monty-craft.mcph.eu;Monty Craft
play.citospoons.net;CitoSpoons
king.broswithfros.tv;KingsCraft
play.paragonmc.net:10123;Paragon MC
play.hoodmc.com;HoodMC
the-nameless.net;The Nameless
mc.twiztedmc.com:25585;tWiztedMC
corruptprison.hosthorde.net;Corrupt Prison
zuii.nitrous.it;ZuiiCraft
tekkit.theflyingsmurfs.com;TheFlyingSmurf
195.154.146.126:25642;SquidCraft
arabinamc.mcserver.ws;ArabinaMC
23.235.232.82;HydroKnight
158.85.69.138:43581;ShockNation
mc.prolificcraft.com;ProlificCraft
mc15.fadehost.com:26161;Rainbow Universe MC
184.95.61.122:60804;LlampacaCraft
198.24.170.162:33771;Spax Craft
mc.frozencraft.org;FrozenCraft
us.playop.net;Raze-Craft
play.hexcraft.org;HexCraft
inf.apocgaming.org;APOC Infinity
play.crewpvp.com;CrewPvP Network
23.250.9.10:25571;HydraCreeper
play.Dynasty-MC.us;DynastyMC
Hub.LightStoneMC.Org;LightStoneMC
mc.worldminesp.es;WorldMine
167.114.156.184:25681;Quarth Vanilla
Titanmc.net;Titan
play.thenerdyminer.com;The Nerdy Miner
62.210.147.65;EmpireCraft
mc.planetarycraft.net;PlanetaryCraft
xplosionspvp.tk;Xplosions PvP
trevorcow.com;TrevorCow Factions
mc.craftedbattlesmc.com;Crafted Battles MC
198.24.165.234:57115;The Spotin Server
claritycrafters.mcph.co;ClarityCrafters
survivethesky.com;Survive The Sky
50.147.186.73;Icarus2 Factions
158.69.226.11:25586;WolvesOfBacon
167.114.102.201:25726;ShadowCraft
YogiCraft.net;YogiCraft.net
mcsg-pvp.us;Mcsg FFA
167.114.0.221:25798;Infected
bmcnetwork.be;BMC Network
184.95.35.194:37683;Potato-Craft
minecraft.nhz.hk;Project Nazca Server
GS52.swifthosting.dk:25570;NightKings
88.150.158.122;Disclosure Factions
184.154.62.143;Temple of Olympians
94.23.207.179:27556;fZpVp
5.255.85.213:26275;CornettoPvP
198.20.102.183:25765;EmpreanMC
158.69.24.137:25635;Futuristic Hub
104.219.2.127;EsakiPvP
mc13.fadehost.com:26753;PrimedTNT
158.69.25.41:25621;DemonicMC
UniversePVP.com;UniversePVP.com
minecraft.filnari.org;Filnari server
frenzic.co.uk:25564;WitherCraft
play.glyphmc.net;GlyphMC
CSFactions.clovux.net;CS Factions
108.170.45.67;minecraft server 
Hypercraft.serverbuilds.com;HyperCraft
TekOmegaOne.mc-srv.com:8192;TekOmegaOne
cubed.mc-srv.com;Cubed Survival
crypticsurvival.mcserver.ws;Cryptic Survival
185.38.148.40:25607;Mystic Blaze Factions
173.236.23.134;InfectiousPvp
ExileMC.Shockbyte.com;ExileMC
play.anarchyallop.com:25640;Anarchy All OP
play.mine4eternity.com;Mine4Eternity
play.bouncemc.com;bouncemc
104.200.140.207;the rail empire
185.38.148.192:25573;APEX - Faction Server
192.99.255.80:10124;CCNetworks
mc-jumpcraft.com;JumpCraft
futuredj.mcph.co;FutureDJ
optropics.mcph.co;OPTropics
85.114.139.8:26599;IoniaPvP incl Factions and Minigames
195.154.146.126:25642;SquidyCraft
s4.minespan.com:25729;The Swift Network
198.20.102.183:25765;EmpreanMC
ikcraft.hosthorde.net:26102;IK craft
192.227.173.163;CookiesGaming
192.99.223.92;Zellux Factions
commandcraft.nitrous.it;CommandCraft
suggcraft.nitrous.it;SuggCraft
Factions.ClanFMV.co.uk;Full Motion Minecraft
mc.JaffaCraft.co.uk;JaffaNetwork
fallenpvp.omgcraft.fr:10033;Fallen PvP
play.pyrostasis.com;TDK GTA
holyprison.mcjoin.it;HolyPrison
5.255.85.200:26194;Blue Wolf Network
s6.hosthorde.com:25934;Technic World of Minecraft
ps.logisticraft.net;LogistiCraft - PureSurvival
185.38.148.48;KotaMC
xDarkCC.minecraft.to;xDarkCC Server 
theloungemc.com;TheLoungeMC
join.gld.bz;Great Light Desert
108.163.219.132;VolkCraft
blockworld.mymc.io;Block World
mxw.mcpro.co;Minecraft Xtreme Wrestling
mysterio.mcpro.eu;Mysterio
HTpokemon.com;Hometown Pixelmon 
mc.goldprison.net;Gold Prison
play.TotalNetwork.co;TotalNetwork
mc.goldprison.net;Gold Prison
mc.pokeorigin.com;Poke Origins Pixelmon
DinnerPlate.mcnode.net;Dinner Plate
mc.legendarycraft.com;leg
192.99.20.171:27228;Relm Of Relmar
BlazeNetwork.co;BlazeFaction
play.corbacraftmc.com;Corba Craft
mc.sinnercraft.com;SinnerCraft
167.114.65.206:25841;Forestercraft
Play.WantedMC.nl;WantedmC
hub.ihp-server.com;Iron Heights Prison
pvp.thewalkingcraft.us;The Walking Craft
Grapecraft.net;GrapeCraft
mc.eithon.net;Eithon Network
DiamondNetwork.Fluctis.com;Diamond Network
107.6.164.104;DarkCraft Factions
pvp.thewalkingcraft.us;The Walking Craft
198.98.115.179;mc.gskwillie.com
Arandite.com;Phenomenon
Mythrilpvp.mymc.io;IIKnightII
192.99.20.99:25567;FlashCraft
play.daggermc.co;DaggerMC
jeweljulze.zapto.org;JewelJulze
brutalitypvp.ddns.net;Brutality PvP
play.heroesmc.fr;HeroesMc
37.187.134.198:28656;Hobbitcraft Factions
fatalnetwork.mchost.pro;Fatal Factions
mythicraids.com;MythicRaids
104.250.41.122:25613;evil springtraps server 
167.114.1.210:25661;Factions
fatalitypvp.gamename.net;FatalityPvP
s12.minespan.com:25577;Thornspvp
198.24.175.34;Carebears at War. Basic factions
167.114.1.210:25654;Kingdom Kraft
62.210.94.184:25613;BeastMode PvP
afanacraft.ghdom.tk;Afana Craft
mc7.fadehost.com:25931;EpicDonut
mc-pvp.co;Mc-PvP
PriviumPvP.com;priviumpvp
96.8.112.132;BossPvP
76.72.172.165:25722;Shadoom
184.95.36.182;DBCRagingBlock
mc.rlminecraft.com;Real Life Minecraft
play.vilemc.net;VileMC
server.blazecraft.xyz;BlazeCraft
frenzykits.playat.ch;FrenzyKits
mc.islandearth.net;IslandEarthMC
Play.DiamondTR.Net;DiamondTR
retronixmc.beastmc.com;RetronixMC
minecraft.vertigogaming.org;Vertigo Gaming Classic
pixelsgc.vertigogaming.org:25569;Vertigo Gaming PixelSGC
192.99.47.179:26201;TheDiamondNetwork
evolvedpvphub.nitrous.it;ProspectMC Factions
play.minevillemc.net;Mineville Network
84.31.221.219:25566;Quest For The Fusion Reactor
142.4.218.206:25904;OverlordMc
mc.coldprison.xyz;CloudPrison
play.thewalkingcraft.us;TheWalkingCraft
Nemesisfactions.com;Daniel
play.fiercemc.us;FierceMC
178.20.170.87:25663;SilencePvP
play.coderedmc.net;CodeRedMC
play.mcgodworld.com;GodWorld
play.cosmicpvp.me;its fake im telling you
FrodoCraft.mcpro.co;FrodoCraft
23.94.125.20:25567;TermanatorCraft
play.coderedmc.net;CodeRedMC
rpg.koncraft-network.com;Koncraft RPG
play.jailed.co;JAILED Prison
strikepvp.fmc.pw;StrikePvP
mc.playcraftnetwork.com;PlayCraft 
play.arcticmc.net;ArcticMC Pixelmon
167.114.173.91:25639;XethaPvP
Limeprisonmc.com;Lime prison
s.mcnsa.com;MCNSA Vanilla
ftb.mcnsa.com;MCNSA Direwolf20
paramountmc.tk;ParamountMC
158.69.25.22:25590;CTCraft
jamjarcraft.tmcn.co;JamJar Craft
mc.german-minelife.de;German Minelife
maxedoutmc.com;MaxedOut Network
172.245.34.50;Defiant Servers
play.amnesiamc.com;AmnesiaMC
85.114.128.85:26740;TownyTime
IvyClad.info.tm;IvyClad
178.32.74.247;EpicPlayCraft
mc.hg-gaming.nl;HG-Gaming MC Server
198.27.124.138;AuroraPvP
185.38.148.152:25591;FiieeldCraft
dfgas.kodimedia.org:35563;dfgas.kodimedia.org
BayCraft.serv.nu;BayCraft
185.38.148.98:25596;LegendaryCraft
novatronix.custom-gaming.net;Novatronix
mc.GucciFarms.net;Gucci Farms
192.99.21.111:25648;ICCraft
oddfutureprison.net;Odd Future Prison
play.prodigyraiding.com;Prodigy Raiding 2.0
play.carnagemc.org;Carnage
luigitowny.beastmc.com;Luigitowny
play.mineshake.net;MineShake
astros.mcworlds.pro;Astros
play.awesomenesspvp.net;AwesomenessPvP
104.219.5.126;ViperLand
vinemc.net;VineMc
minegames.linkpc.net;Minegames pc
pvp.thewalkingcraft.us;The Walking Craft
167.114.137.132;Retronix Prison
Mkravt.mcph.co:54023;2legodude
colorcraft.speelmc.nl:25960;ColorCraft 
104.219.6.45;StraightUpSurvival
brixcraftworld.mcserver.ws;Brixcraft
Ghostsurvival.mcnode.net;Ghostpvp01
mc.realmkeepers.net:25572;RealmKeepers Non-Pvp
knightcraft.ax.lt;KnightCraft
play.trivialcraft.com;Trivialcraft
5.200.23.176:25773;Golden Factions
mancave.pointinspace.com;Mancave Server
198.24.172.58:57111;redstonecentral-skyblock
167.114.91.132;RailCraft
198.24.178.170;JigSaws Trap House
81.174.240.139;warpnet
play.herokingdoms.ml:21101;HeroKingdoms
mc.warshed.net;The WarShed Factions
192.99.21.76:39801;UraniumCraft
94.23.155.232:25779;RajaRealms
69.175.43.20;InfinitePvP
137.186.55.24;FOEMC Fallout Equestria Minecraft
play.crackedmc.me;Cracked Minecraft
192.99.200.121:25763;LumosMC 2.0
46.162.76.135:25577;The Pixel Pack
37.187.154.73:25603;Rithia-Craft
play.revivenetwork.net;The Revive Network
play.lonestarmc.net;Lonestar MC
198.24.134.114:25978;Snapshot SMP
192.99.150.104:25722;CyanCraft
s3.minespan.com:25832;SkyRiver
TitaniteMC.apexmc.co;TitaniteMC
mc.realmkeepers.net:25571;RealmKeepers Pvp
whaleprison.mcpro.co;Whale Prison
herofactions.net;Hero Factions / Raiding/ Pvp / Factions
infamy.jacgaming.com;Infamy Modern Warfare
elitefactionspvp.mcph.co;EliteFactionsPvP Factions PvP
clashprison.com;Clash Prison
23.94.150.35;Facimus
play.kastia.net;Kastia
s3.minespan.com:25834;minecraft TLT
candy-land.ddns.net;Candyland
play.cosmorealm.net;CosmoRealmNetwork
play.wyrmmcraft.cf:36587;Wyrmm Craft
mc.minepain.net;Mine Pain
69.175.124.112;Horizon
CurglobeianLands.beastmc.com;Curglobeian Lands
mineycrafty.com;MineyCrafty
play.darcecraft.com;Darcecraft
158.69.26.209:25603;TechniCraft
167.114.1.144:25753;MineGrass
creeperscreep.com;Creepers Gonna Creep
198.20.127.109;Rubix Prison
176.31.241.171:25801;HenkGamesServer
play.opasylum.com;OPAsylum
Frozenwarrior.gamename.net:25876;FrozenWarriors of kitty
play.abandonedmc.com;AbandonedMC 
play.blockheadsmc.com;Blockheadsmc
Play.kisscraft.net;Kiss Craft
flexocraft.fluctis.com;Flexocraft
gatheringcraft.us.to;Gathering Craft
162.245.0.135;Land Of Blocks Revamped
factionvillage.beastmc.com;Faction Village
s10.minespan.com:25669;Survival Nation
shadowcraft.mygs.co;ShadowCraft Survival
CreatureCraft.uk;CreatureCraft 
FunGameCrafter.ggserv.co:28123;FunGameCrafter
play.berrymc.com;BerryMC - Factions and PVP server
legacy.cat;Pixelmon Legacy
Play.mcFreedomPvP.com;Freedompvp
69.175.89.122:52637;SummerCrest
OppidaMC.beastmc.com;OppidaMC
fuzionpvp.net;FuzionPvP
174.60.32.233;Dragon Key
opsoutherncraft.shockbyte.com;opsoutherncraft
185.38.148.169:25598;CodexPrison
tanakanira.com;Tanakanira server
play.wafmc.be;WafMc
wizardwand.nitrous.it;Wizard Wand Server
LavacraftOp.mcph.co;LavafactionsOp
sandbox11.mtxserv.fr:27300;Neversurrender
play.exoticpvp.nl;ExoticPvP
play.hexicraft.com;Hexicraft
play.flawedmc.net;FlawedMC
mcadventure.sytes.net;Adventure Legion
46.20.1.139:1132;Extra Craft
178.248.200.34:25687;Gamerek-Craftja
cobblepvp.mcho.us;Cobblepvp
mc.blayzepvp.com;Blayze PvP
37.187.148.41:25847;FearseCraft
diamondcreeper.com;Diamond Creeper
Pvp.pistoncommunity.com;PistonCommunity
minecraftjoe.duckdns.org:37553;Incredible PvP for Minecraft
50.143.11.173;Legendcraft Videogame Server
mc.nukenetwork.com;NukeNetwork
81.30.155.128;Minecraft
81.30.155.128;Minecraft
MineBley.mc-hoster.de;MineBley
pvp.thewalkingcraft.us;The Walking Craft
FireCraftPrison.mcph.co:50626;FireCraftPrison
198.50.196.27;MultiCraft
play.sagemc.org;SageMC
totalmc.net;TotalMC
mc.minotechsol.com;Survival With Friends
play.mclockdown.net;LockDown
SannRanchRealms.twilightparadox.com;Sann Ranch Realms
mc.rvnet.co;ReverseMC Factions
AbyssalCraft.us.to;AbyssalCraft
mc.pixelgalaxymc.com;xDoNuTx97
minecraftcrazies.mcph.co;minecraftcrazies
maxedoutmc.com;MaxedOut Network
PvPCorporation.com;PvPCorporation
vanillablocks.eu;Vanillablocks EU
ketsuwotaberu.fmc.pw:25977;Ketsu Wo Taberu
play.uniqueplay.net;UniquePlay
play.Mcblackcraft.net;MCBlackcraft
Play.mcblackcraft.net;MCBlackcraft
play.konomc.net;Kono
fop.us.to;FreedomOp Remastered
celestialpvp.mcalias.com:25695;CelestialPvP
mc.ecolegendcraft.com;EcoLegendCraft
192.95.29.44;OmniWorldMC Shattered Worlds
wn.ftb.host;WrecklessNation Prison Server
chillcraft.net;ChillCraft
Evolution.nitrous.it;EvolutionMine
Chromaprison.net;Chroma Detention Center
play.mythicalsb.com;Mythical Skyblock
167.114.5.253;Rated R Faction
167.114.65.109:25582;AcePrsion
167.114.1.212:25980;AdventureCraft
mc.minefrost.net;MineFrost Survival
EvokeMC.factions.ws;EvokeMC
Mc.Boo.Systems;TNT Factions
192.223.26.106;Blankkcraft
80.82.209.138:26444;CyberCraft
178.20.170.190;AssyriaPvP
play-bajancraft.mcph.co;BajanCraft
5.196.185.56;The Emerald Isle
mc.saintsgaming.net;Saints Gaming Modded Survival
mcdiamondfire.com;DiamondFire
192.99.18.173:25914;BirdyCraft
DiamondMCPrison.beastmc.com;DiamondMC
mineklok.servegame.com;Mineklok
75.127.13.226:26273;Cosmo Mines
s14.minespan.com:25594;edoshpvp
5.200.23.158:25994;PludoCraft
167.114.65.109:25582;SuPerOpPrison
orientalkits.eu;OrientalKits
serwer.mcrevolution.pl;Revolution
mc.diacon.co;Diacon
play.cloudblocks.org;CloudBlocks Skyblock
mc.fragmentplanet.com;Fragment Planet
162.244.166.11:25869;Captain Crafters HardCore Factions
mc.azylet.com;Azylet
play.minecube.us;Minecube
stonecraft.es;StoneCraft - Comunidad de Minecraft
198.23.247.92;portlandME
mc.pgcr.net;PGCR Network
mc.uncrafted.org;UnCrafted
terra.mythton.com;MythX
thegearmc.chickenkiller.com;TheGearMC
auric.io;auricrealms.com
play.knightmarepvp.com;Knightmare PvP
167.114.156.192:25596;StrikeMC
play.mclegend.org;LegendCraft
mc.safesurvival.net;Safe Survival
play.peregrinenetwork.net;PeregrineNetwork
185.38.149.56:25600;TheArk
mc.utopia.us;Utopia
thelastcivilization.com;The Last Civilization
mc.uncivilizedpvp.com;Uncivilizedpvp
mc.lesulacraft.xyz;Lesula Craft
mcinfinity.net;Infinity Prison
the-reef.us;mc.The-Reef.us
198.24.172.58:34733;2020Craft
play.cubecraft.net;rossplaysgames
nightcloud.mcph.co;NightCloud
162.244.166.151:36450;WitherVerse
162.244.166.151:36450;WitherVerse
mc.milneycraft.com;MilneyCraft
167.114.117.18:25921;CraftLife
resistancepvp.eu;ResistancePvP
198.24.179.123;StarStrukPvP
198.24.179.123;StarStrukPvP
198.24.179.123;StarStrukPvP
s21.hosthorde.com:25923;Novacraft
185.16.85.19:26365;Gynovia
64.31.50.210:25601;SimbaCraft
198.24.179.123;StarStrukPvP
198.24.179.123;StarStrukPvP
192.99.18.123:25744;DismantlePvP
185.16.85.55:25665;Ekkis Big Bukkit of Fun
play.kingconquest.eu;KingConquest
play.unionmc.net;Unionmc
167.114.197.123;RedValleyPvP Factions
Crypticsurvival.beastmc.com;Cryptic Survival
play.alysianblue.com;Alysian Blue Super Survival
mc.gamebros.nu;Game Bros
198.20.68.115;Mine n Craft
198.24.171.26:62487;Minecart Community
blawk-network.com;BlawkNetwork
play.shadypvp.co;Shadypvp
simplycrafting.mcpro.co;SimplyCrafing
mc.valoria.us;Valoria Factions
23.235.251.67;Role Playing Survival Games
timelapserp.net;TimeLapseRP
mc.newshud.com;NewsHUDs Fantastic Minecraft Server
DiamondMCPrison.beastmc.com;DiamondMC Prison
StaticMines.net;StaticMines
mc.chaosigc.com;ChaosIGC
AstroPvP.apexmc1.co;AstroPvP
s25.hosthorde.com:26063;Fusion Gaming
108.201.118.175;New Sunderland
allthefallen.ninja;Loli-Craft
pvp.swordwrath.net;SwordWrath
46.253.196.85:25865;TopazMC
Creepercraft.minecraft.to;Creepercraft | SkyPVP |
play.imperial-networks.net;ImperialMC
46.20.1.98:1175;ReaksionCraft
Starstukpvp.mcph.co;StarStrukPvP
mc.sordrin.com;The Labyrinth Of Sordin
play.kingdomkraft.us;Kingdom Kraft
162.244.166.151:36450;WitherVerse
167.114.156.192:25596;StrikeMC
192.99.24.128:25571;Eclipse Factions
209.105.236.249;DayCraft Survival Server
mc.hardlinepvp.com;HardlinePvP Network
209.105.236.249;DayCraft Survival Server
floatingislesofdeath.mcpro.co;isles of death
play.fallen-pvp.net;Fallen PVP
s18.hosthorde.com:26102;IK CRAFT
192.99.160.188:25401;Prison | DalSG
mc.letsjouer.net;LetsJouer-SkyPvP Netzwerk
play.fearpvp.com;FearPVP
159.8.141.199:31809;SpriteCraft
192.99.44.134:28388;RoamOn Survival
minecraft.tekwik.com;Tekwik Minecraft
mc.guerreiroscraft.com;Guerreiros#Craft
tekkit.craftersland.net:25567;CraftersLand
phazenetwork.xyz;Phaze Network
play.dn-hub.com;GameModeOne
play.refinedpvp.net;RefinedPvP
MC.UXG.RO;MC.UXG.RO
192.99.114.101;TrinityPvP
play.inn-craft.info;Inn-Craft
198.23.247.92;PortLandME 
192.99.44.134:28335;HoneySuckle MC
167.114.173.223:25593;Bear Nation Magical factions
play.universeislands.net;Universe Islands
Mc.Arthax.Es;Arthax Factions
23.235.251.67;Role Playing Survival Games
23.235.251.67;Role Playing Survival Games
23.235.251.67;Role Playing Survival Games
23.235.251.67;Role Playing Survival Games
Starstukpvp.mcph.co;StarStrukPvP
DiamondMCPrison.beastmc.com;DiamondMcPrison Recruting staff 
technocraft-hub.mcph.co;TechnoCraft
199.188.102.211:25865;PoppinPrison
stonekits.us;StoneKits
dynastycraft.beastmc.com;DynastyCraft
lifepixelz.us;LifePixel
167.114.65.184;AtmosCraft
162.244.165.61:47823;SkellyCraft
retrocraft.apexmc.co;RetroCraft
kingscraft.joinmc.eu;kingscraft
188.165.94.64:25961;anarchy server
167.114.117.18:25768;MC Mother Tree
SwiftCraftMc.net;swiftcraft | mccmo | pve | sg | pvp
mineycrafty.com;MineyCrafty Survival Server
mineycrafty.com;MineyCrafty Survival Server
pvp.tamedhcf.com;TamedHCF
minesoon.uk.to;MineSoon
boldcraftpvp.mcph.co;BoldCraftPVP
mc.cloudcraftgaming.com;CloudCraft
play.gladeprison.com;Glade Prison
play.gladeprison.com;Glade Prison
play.deltacraftmc.com;DeltaCraft
fac.bitepvp.com;Bitepvp Factions
crypticticalprison.com;CrypticalPrison
playheroic.com;Heroic Survival 
bustedcraft.com;Bustedcraft
198.143.150.30;AmethystCraft
mc.ancientrealms.eu;Ancient Realms
survival.ultrablockmc.net;Ultra Survival
denkata.onmypc.net;Erknation
witherleague.beastmc.com;WitherLeague
play.thedarknetwork.ga;The Dark Network
Atherica.mcserver.ws;Atherica
198.23.247.92;PortLandME 
GrandCraftAuto.tmcn.co;GrandCraftAuto
148.251.78.214;HsCraft
mc.cyberplex.us;Cyberplex
hub2hub.serverminer.com:2556;Hub2Hub
188.165.94.64:25961;anarchy
mc.myvnc.com;MyVnc - Medieval & Modern Survival
litefactions.com;Zoidex
mc.usavsurss.com;Usa Vs Urss
browndogmc.serverminer.com;BrownDogMC
151.80.222.220;General Survival
185.28.188.170;DangerCraft
play.shellsquad.net;ShellSquadMC
artieriamcraft.mcdl.us;Artieriamcraft (Panem)
mc.draclyn.net;Draclyn
play.elite-minecraft.com;EliteMC
s20.hosthorde.com:25853;Husky Craft
techprison.mcserver.ws;TechPrison
play.velocity-mc.com;Velocity-MC
play.hyperscalemc.com;The Hyperscale Network
pixl.the-darkgames.com;The-DarkGamesPixelmon
play.Orbitalcloudmc.com;OrbitalCloud
dazedpvp.mcph.co;DazedPvP
hysparx.fmc.pw;HySparx
62.210.102.231;BamBooCraft
74.91.24.149;World War Zombies
Mc.comcraft.net.br;ComCraft Network
wn.ftb.host;wreaklessnation
wolfactions13.mcph.co;WolfFactions
198.24.171.26;SprinngFieldPrison
134.255.232.121;PVPsever
play.harvestcraftmc.com;HarvestCraft - Co-Op Farming
toastcraft.gamename.net;ToastCraft
sunfuzz.mcph.co;sunfuzz games
DiamondMCPrison.BeastMC.com;DiamondMC Prison
play.kastia.net;kastia
LDOfficialServer.mooo.com;Legendary Dungeoneering Official Server
192.99.20.208:29039;Legendary Legion
arcadia-factions.mcph.co;arcadiafactions
192.99.20.227:25975;Exodus SMP
play.titaniumnetwork.org;Titanium Network
109.169.58.38;Matrix Prison
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;Eninjacraft
31.214.163.190;invisibleUSA MC Server
geovillage.beastmc.com;Geo Viillage
162.244.165.11:29953;Chicken Melon
play.empirefactions.xyz;Empire Factions
m.mcdrive.us;MCDrive
fightxtreme.hostgamebr.com;Fight Xtreme
Play.BcTerra.com;BcTerra
PowerRaids.com;PowerRaids
198.24.171.26;SpringFieldPrison
play.pokemax.net;PokeMax
tornado.mcserver.ws;Tornado Chasers
69.175.118.2:29149;EL OH EL
s26.hosthorde.com:25868;The Reef
162.244.165.61:47823;SkellyCraft
167.114.197.123;Red Valley Factions
play.creationmc.org;CreationMC
play.pandemicsurvival.xyz;Pandemic Survival
classicfactions.com;Classic Factions
play.evolveeconomy.com;Evolve
skylegacy.shockbyte.com;SkyLegacy
162.244.166.151:36450;WitherVerse
162.244.166.151:36450;WitherVerse
162.244.165.171:45620;DGNetwork
minernun.mcph.co;2nd2NUN
DragonsCoveModded.mcnode.net;DragonsCove Modded
minecrap.dlinkddns.com;MineCrap
lazle.net;Lazle Skyblock
server.craftplant.com;Craft Plant  Survival
64.140.164.67:30091;SkyArmy
185.38.148.174:25602;EnderGaming
ash.mcnode.net;Ashs Aesthetics
minecraft.whitephoenix.it;White Phoenix
AtomicMCNetwork.mcph.co;Atomic MC
198.24.160.36;CrazySquirrels
162.244.166.115;KingsRealmCraft
hoogargaming.ddns.net;Hoogar Gaming Network
celestialescape.vgmc.co.uk;Celestial Escape
play.gridprison.com;GridPrison
178.32.88.189;BlazeNetwork
KingsmanPvP.com;KingsmanPvP
athyrium.mcph.eu;AthyriumNetwork
potionhub.mcph.co;PotionHub
play.absolutemc.net;Absolute Network
5.255.70.79:25857;MedyCraft
play.quietworld.ru;QuietWorld
play.inspiremc.net;InspireMC
mc.flopnetwork.com;Flop Network
play.velocity-mc.com;Velocity-MC
mkracing.zapto.org:35723;MKRacing | Mario Kart Racing
46.105.151.96:26173;UltraBlock - SkyBlock Server
198.24.172.58:57171;ParagonMC
198.24.172.58:57171;ParagonMC
198.24.172.58:57171;ParagonMC
smallcraft.mcpro.co:27159;SmallCraft
185.mc.mpgs.co;AviCraft
s17.minespan.com:26138;Revolution
mc.PixelsMC.net;PixelsMC
darkstarpvp.com;DarkStarPVP Network
remnantcraft.fadehost.com:25888;Remnantcraft
mc.strengthpvp.com;StrengthPvP
exonservers.mcpro.co:37921;Exon Network - Gta - Survival - Prison
167.114.173.114:25597;CandyForest
mc.forsakensoldiers.org;ForsakenSoldiers
miepcraft.org;Miepcraft
gods.attoric.net;Attoric Gods
dextry.dmch.nl:25694;DextryMiniTimes
130.180.201.234:44547;CE Factions
danpower.info;DanPower
SmackOver2.aternos.me;SmackOverMC Factions
BloodLustPVP.com:25577;BloodLustPVP
37.187.25.36;GalacticPvP
apolocraft.es;Apolocraft Network
97.84.211.239;House of Blocks
eon.craft.vg;EonCraft
198.24.168.226:41590;SoldierCraft
wn.ftb.host;wreaklessnation
starstrukkp.mcph.co;StarStuk
mc.playcraftnetwork.com;PlayCraft Network
play.therealmsmc.com;TheRealmsMC
holyprison.mcjoin.it;Holy Prison
93.186.206.43;Bull clan - Real survival
159.8.75.37:53701;DragonRealmNetwork
mc.slothkingdom.com;Sloth Kingdom
198.24.162.90:42541;SlimeBall Factions
s15.minespan.com:25755;MineSpan
162.244.167.76;The Perish - Prison Server
142.4.218.166:26007;Commandblock Craft
fusedpvp.xyz;FusedPvP
mc1.victoryoverip.com;Victory Over IP
mc.pgcr.net;Minecraft 506
Mcs.minecraft.gs;MCS Network
158.69.156.129;PureCraftMC 24/7
arumicfactions.nitrous.it:25598;ArumicHCF
198.50.206.200;LeatherTownyMC
162.244.166.11:25869;The Captain Crafters
mc.xtcr.net;xTcR Hub
158.69.132.195;KantanCraftmc
s2.tempestgamers.com:25595;Kingdoms of Aesir | Factions | PvP
s12.minespan.com:25873;Salty Caft
starstrukkp.mcph.co;StarStuk
167.114.65.184:25664;Elements Crafters
185.38.151.229:26245;CoolCraft
mc.ncc74656.net;NCC-74656
play.AetherianHorizon.com;AetherianHorizon
167.114.173.91:25639;XethaPvP - Factions
play.gravitymc.net;GravityMC
184.154.107.246;SkyFlight
minigames.mcplay.nl;Minigames
mc.galaxycraft.ro;Artic Worlds
AtticaNetwork.us.to;AtticaNetwork Prison Factions Skywars
utopiansky.mchost.pro:26587;UtopianSky
162.244.164.71:30882;PringleCraft Factions
198.24.171.90:60738;TutorialCraft
chubgreif.mchost.pro:26465;Chubbys Greifcraft
192.95.29.31:25577;TheSwamp
184.154.29.67;Telportation Gaming Server
kottacraft.mcpro.co;KottaCraft need staff
198.24.174.98:60046;BaconCraft
jlobby.mcalias.com;Adept-Craft
mc.gazaplex.net;Gazaplex
108.170.22.58:54978;ElectricSkyServer
TitanPvP.co;TitanPvP
battleaxe.us;The Battleaxe Network
mc.TrippyCraft.net;TrippyCraft
mineplex.co;anus
therandomdimension.com;The Random Dimension
play.lemonation.net;LemonNation
prison.infamousmc.net;InfamousMC
toastcraft.gamename.net;ToastCraft
167.114.102.199:27969;RacoonCraft
xerox.mcph.co;Xerox Skyblock Survival
198.24.168.226:35896;WolfCraft
barfbag.mcph.co;BarfBagStudios
69.175.65.211;comptonSMP
us.ItzFireAspectMG.com;ItzFireAspectMG
198.50.130.111;ArcaneMC
play.controlhosting.net;Control Hosting
TrollAhoy.beastmc.com;TrollAhoy
play.galacticuniverse.net;GalacticUniverse
185.38.148.167:25566;Chisel Factions
lordrealm.mcph.co;LordRealm
119.81.65.242:25840;Infinity Craft
104.219.4.252;Bliss Reborn
mc.reverium.com;Reverium
71.10.150.79:24464;Potato Kingdom Factions
162.244.165.61:57358;The Oink Hub
104.36.85.110;Turtlecraft Network
mc.mystcommissions.net;MYST
play.mineultra.com;MineUltra
mc0.infinityhosting.hu:25631;EmeraldCraft Factions
Mad-gamble.com;ItayHalak
209.182.104.46;Mikecraft
178.32.234.46;AbyssCraft
Skyblock.link;Skyblock.link
82.208.17.27:27938;Dark-Faire.net Semi-Vanilla
emerald.mcs4.me;NoName SMP
mc.reverium.com;Reverium
185.38.148.23:25598;RTL Gaming Factions Server
mc.risingheroes.org;mantisgm
s5.minespan.com:25702;Lucky Block Standard Survival Server
158.69.172.160;Aestivia
158.69.152.176;Infamous-SMP
stardustmc.net;StarDustNetworks
play.vidkoi.com;Vidkoi
167.114.118.139;InsanityCraft
kingpvp.mcph.eu;KingPvP
108.170.39.10:43417;ZenCraft
198.24.175.50:58508;Halo Unleashed Tdm Ctf Factions Guns
119.252.190.243:25865;Morgan.net
starstrukkp.mcph.co;StarStruk
Mc.RetroPvP.org;RetroPvP
ml.mcpro.co;Kiwi Network
mc.minexium.com;Minexium
198.50.176.0;Vector Craft
ThunderPvP.McAlias.Com;ThunderPvP
5.200.23.162:26019;ThatFactionServer
purplecluster.joinmc.eu;Super Hero Craft
192.169.44.11;RadiantRealm
SugarCraft.Beastmc.com;Sugar_Craft
play.pixelplanetmc.com;Pixel Planet Mc
play.townypvp.com;TownyPvP
37.59.137.197;xTremeCraft
play.townypvp.com;TownyPvP
jugar.gatucraft.com;Gatucraft El Server Gaturro de Minecraft
play.townypvp.com;TownyPvP
mc.resurvivenetwork.com;ReSurvive MC
play.townypvp.com;TownyPvP
toucancraft.beastmc.com;ToucanCraft
37.187.144.76:25782;Fantasy Factions
play.ezbze.com;EzplexMC
thelastcivilization.com;The Last Civilization | Towny |
op-wildcraft.mcph.co;WildCraft
mc.SeverePvP.org;SeverePvP | Server Just Reset
play.shadypvp.co;ShadyPvp
GizmoNetwork.org;Gizmo Network
starstrukkp.mcph.co;StarStuk
starstrukkp.mcph.co;StarStuk
dungeonrealms.us;Dungeon Realms
64.34.190.101:26665;MCSurvivalCraft Need Staff Join Now
mc.reinominero.net;Reino Minero
158.69.24.137:25750;CometCraft
85.4.200.179;Vanilla Survival Server
77.111.193.175;The crafting z
fallout.mcpro.eu:42834;Fallout
grasscraft.mcph.eu;GrassCraft
zconami.com;Zconami
192.99.47.154:26071;Niflheim
playparanormalnetwork.mcpro.co;ParanormalNetwork
184.164.151.82:58513;DTIs world
ancientmc.spartanhost.net:26147;AnientMc
play.mclegendcraft.com;McLegendCraft
184.154.29.82;AdventureCraft
shadowpixel.mcserver.ws;ShadowPixel Pixelmon 3.4
mc.astraeusnetwork.net;Astraeus Network
play.mineclassic.com;MineClassic Survival
play.rankuppvp.net;RankUpPvp
37.187.29.204:28102;UniteMC - RolePlay | Survival | Jobs
bballcraft.mcph.co;bballcraft
198.143.152.67;BLITZMC
realms.vc;Realms of VastCraft
198.23.157.101;EdenPvP
s12.minespan.com:26025;FireballGames | Looking for Staff
xpvpcraft.serv.nu;xPvPCraft
s16.minespan.com:25832;Monkey Craft
raid.mineowner.com;MineOwner Raids
pix3latedmc.hosthorde.net;Pix3lated
167.114.118.196:25645;The Dark Ages
bogrealms.fluctis.com;Bogrealms
Auriolcraft.com;Auriolcraft
silverpointnetwork.uk;The Silverpoint Network UK
mc.QuantumPrison.org:25778;Quantum Prison
mc.MysticField.cf;Mystic Field
play.parkourworld.net;Parkour World
play.keplertowny.com;KeplerTowny
MC.MineSkys.net;MineSkys Factions
s26.hosthorde.com:25853;BasicSB.net
GodLike.mygs.co;GodLike
play.originpvp.com;Origin PvP
104.36.85.110;Turtlecraft Network
limboworld.mooo.com:25564;Limboworld
Minecraftcreation.mcph.co;MCCreation
198.24.170.146:29025;Solar PvP - Parkour - Spleef - PvP
jeweljulze.zapto.org;JewelJulze
173.236.104.4;Champions Strike
play.bollersplayground.de;Bollersplayground Vanillagaming
Alpsmc.com;AlPS Server
playmctoday.mcph.co;McToday
s1.minespan.com:25865;SkyHighFactions (Need staff)
rabiezcraft.mcph.co:38353;rabiezcraft
paly.cubecraftgames.net;cubecraft
jogar.newcraftworld.net;NewCraftWorld
craftednetwork.fadehost.com;Crafted Network
play.alexsoft-bg.com;Ice Craft
advancedpvp.net;AdvancedPvP
play.diamondshaft.com;Diamond Shaft
RebyPvP.net;RebyPvP
188.212.100.219;Eu.GalaxyPrison.Net
eu.theawaken.net;TheAwaken
TheBBC-Network.mcph.co;TheBBC-Network
198.24.171.90:48682;Mango and Friends
167.114.173.85:25636;CrimsonShadowMC
pts.us.to:25870;Path to Survival
198.24.175.50:58508;Halo Unleashed
s2.ud-gaming.com;weedercraft
play.clanmc.hu;ClanMc
uk-mc2.serenityservers.net:25745;Nebula Gaming
thehydrahub.mcph.co:55481;The Hydra Hub
nemesisprison.net;Nemesis Prison
NatureOG.us;NatureOG
31.214.245.119;SpaceClimb
pvp.hyperpvp.me;HyperPvP
192.227.173.176;InfamyCraft
quartzmc.net;(Staff Needed) QuartzMC Network
107.145.134.131;Offical Extreamfilmaking Server
quartzmc.net;(Staff Needed) QuartzMC Network
quartzmc.net;(Staff Needed) QuartzMC Network
quartzmc.net;(Staff Needed) QuartzMC Network
162.244.165.151:43511;HybridCraft
play.minibox.tk;Minibox
167.114.100.116:25660;Beyond-Network
64.31.50.171:25622;Beyond-OpFactions
ElevenSword.net;ElevenSword
5.135.103.167;Discovery Network
mc.RealityNetGaming.com;RealityNetGaming
mc.OPLegends.com;OPLegends
play.pika-network.net;PikaCraft-Network
bobcraft.org;BobCraft
minextor.tk;Minextor
MetaphificPvP.factions.ws;MetaphificPvP 
play.foruxpvp.com;ForuxPVP
survivalrealms.playat.ch;SurvivalRealms
198.27.97.18:25566;Ardican Smp
play.geo-pixel.com:58580;Geo-Pixel
keyboardcraft.dmch.nl;KeyBoardCraft 24/7
167.114.103.191:26514;WolfCraft PVP/Survival
mc.electrenetwork.com;Electre Network
mc.m4yb.com;Minecraft 4 Your Buid
mc.extricityFactions.net;ExtricityFactions
198.154.121.162;ErosionPVP
mcimperialpvp.mcph.co;ImperialPVP
chro.tk;Chromium
thundercraft.thegmc.com;ThunderCraft
62.210.94.182:25614;Ecliptic Factions
mc.playcraftnetwork.com;PlayCraft
167.114.172.108:25572;LegendarySnipers
mc.horizonpvp.net;HorizonHcff
mcgun.minecraftsociety.com;MC GUN
plotfun.tk;PlotFun
Lyethic.mcph.co;Lyethic
play.themobnetwork.com;TheMobNetwork
mc.norskmc.no;NorskMC
BanterMC.ml;BanterMC
play.slimeblockcraft.com;Slimeblockcraft Network
185.38.148.49:25577;Small Minecraft Server
162.157.117.135;OpanexMC
DrienwolfCommunity.de;DrienwolfCommunity.de
mc.gamingcatsmc.com;GamingCatsMC
quartzmc.net;(Votable) QuartzMC Network
62.75.143.181;Acetix-ServerMC
mc.iron-cloud.org;Iron Cloud
play.calcraft-mobarena.com;CaLCRaFT-MobArena
minebrawl.org;whileloop
play.mcverge.com;The Verge
ChillCraft.Net;ChillCraftFactions
xenafactions.eu;Xena Factions
supercraftserver.fluctis.com:25653;Supercraft Need Staff
craftmine.no-ip.org;CraftMine
167.114.119.95:25580;TerriHCF
socialnetwk.com;Kingom Kraft
mc.hideoutmc.net;HideoutMC
s4.minespan.com:25729;The Swift Network
Scnsf2.mcserver.ws;ShadowCraftNetworks SkyFactory 2
griefertown.ddns.net;Griefer Town
178.32.88.185;LegionMC
45.34.7.66:25569;RebelAge
eu.shotbow.net;GotPvP
162.248.74.50:25587;RoyaltyCraft
mc.cencraft.net;TopKek Space
play.unionmc.net;union
play.unionmc.net;Union mc
mc.mortalitypvp.net;MortalityPvP Factions pvp and more
119.81.65.250:33620;Verizone Craft
play.eleetcraft.com;ELeetCraft
survival.nitrado.net;survival.nitrado.net
play.firesoftitan.com;Fires Of Titan 
mc01.serverminer.com:26305;SwedenCraft
158.69.97.238;Fat Dog
149.202.27.53:25576;Woodheaven
play.goocraft.es;Goocraft
SuperCraft.g-s.nu;SuperCraft
CraftEliteOficial.tk;CraftElite
75.102.46.78:25765;hell-strike
185.38.148.184:25581;SMP Vanilla
MC.thecerver.com;The CErver
PvP.Crolacy.Com;Crolacy Factions
Play.RemiusCraft.es;RemiusCraft
192.169.44.9:25946;Immortal Prison
5.255.85.215:26344;Bargercraft
mc.jjcraftmc.com;JJCraftMC
108.163.214.200;Magma Minigame
craftex.iminecraft.se:25601;CRAFTEX
gemcraft.beastmc.com;GemCraft
192.99.200.98:25738;AMineWire Network
ec-clan.info:11298;EC FTB Infinity
coracraft.net;coracraft
198.24.172.58:57171;ParagonMC
join.shadedblocks.com;ShadedBlocks
37.59.14.135:25656;Z-Infinity
s7.minespan.com:25598;sg kit pvp
198.24.165.154:51675;Sheepyish Semi-Vanilla Survival
69.175.65.211;ComptonCraft
hub.mcalias.com:26234;McAlias
flush.beastmc.com;FlushMC
TheCreamery.beastmc.com;TheCreamery
mc.mercify.net;Mercify Network
blatantpvp.net;blatantPvP
37.187.139.123:28032;Project Pixels
mc.godlesspvp.net;GodlessPvP
37.187.154.73:25574;MC-GALAXY
SparkPrison.net;SparkPrison
119.252.190.243:25865;MorganNET
play.uniqueplay.net;UniquePlay
mc.keinett.us;KeiShit
Play.OrganicPvp.net;OrganicPvp
mckube.no;mckube
167.114.119.95:25584;Apocalyptic Galaxy
auspatmc.mcph.co:61544;AuspatMC
SovietPVP.apexmc.co;Soviet PVP
167.114.100.109;StrafedPVP
Rangecraft.tk;Rangecraft
185.38.148.34:25570;AngryCat
192.99.44.160:41718;MinePixel
185.38.149.59:25580;GodCraftFactions
mc.FreakzPvP.net;FreakzPvP
play.invictedpvp.com;Industrial Craft
mineplex.eu;Mineplex
Play.TheFireMC.org;PlatinumMC
198.24.162.98:27959;PixelCraft
windercraft.serv.nu;WinderCraft
mc.aureumcraft.net;Aureumcraft
LuckyCraft.serv.nu;LuckyCraft.serv.nu
mc.SeverePvP.org:26072;SeverePvP | Server Just Reset
pixelslayer.beastmc.com;PixelSlayer
192.95.7.213;CNJcraft
mc.onlypvp.us;OnlyPVP
buildbylight.mcserver.ws;bbl
185.38.148.54:25607;Hawk Productions (Northern Ireland)
192.99.21.47:25722;WCN Need Staff
slimexanda.tekkit.de;slimexanda
play.falconvalley.net;FalconValley
103.56.207.53;Bakacraft
Epicrafterstv.hostbukkit.com;Epicrafter
5.196.81.52:25799;GamesCast Server FTB Infinity
battletag.mcpro.co;Battletag Factions
s28.hosthorde.com:25951;RagCraft
Mc.Swift-PvP.Tk;SwiftPvP
mc.tazzgaming.net;Tazz Craft
negotium.mcjoin.it;Negotium
play.mcmexi.co;TrexMX
188.40.104.73:25819;_Mariusss_
192.99.44.2:25789;Tiger Craft
167.114.100.112:25831;RektMc
198.24.163.106:62593;Minetropica
174.61.27.29;BioPris
easycraft.mcpro.co:60422;EasyCraft
51.254.18.249;Mc.Elite-Gaming.Ro
109.169.58.28;Pandiam
fropvp.mc-srv.com:26143;FroPvp
mc.SeverePvP.org:26072;SeverePvP | Server Just Reset
185.38.148.192:25594;BTF Minecraft
96.41.221.233;JSHS
doodcraft.us.to;DoodCraft
Play.RS-MC.Com;RS-MC
play.masterspvp.com;Masters PvP
Snobiety.com;Cryptcraft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Kit PvP
s16.minespan.com:25677;Nightingales 
162.244.165.151:44909;SkullScapePVP
play.cubecraft.net;cubecraft 
survivalrolemine.no-ip.org;SurvivalRolemine
voidrealms.playat.CH;Voidrealms
voidrealms.playat.CH;Voidrealms
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Kit Pvp
voidrealms.playat.CH;Voidrealms
mc.divinekingdoms.net;Divine Kingdoms
voidrealms.playat.CH;Voidrealms
167.114.116.146:25578;VanityMC
mc.barchpvp.com;BarchPvP
meeptastic.land;The Meeptastic Network
bastille.mcpro.co;Bastille Craft
play.alliancehcf.com;Alliance Factions
royaldimensions.fluctis.com;Royal Dimensions
creepacraft.org;CreepaCraft
spikybite.net;spiky bite
162.244.165.151:44909;SkullScapePVP
meatloafcraft.chickenkiller.com;Meatloaf Craft
mc.factionspvp.tk;FactionsPvP
s28.hosthorde.com:25950;DragoniaPvp
198.24.158.14;bolacraft
KombatCloud.net;Kombat Cloud
spartancraft.us;SpartanCraft
lazle.net;Lazle
EGRgamingcraft.ddns.net;EGRgamingcraft
play.nuclearmc.org;NuclearMC Network Staff needed
play.nuclearmc.org;NuclearMC Network Staff needed
play.dream-mc.org;DREAM-MC
heroicfactions.ml;Heroic Factions | Staff Needed
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Kit PvP
majorpvp.mcalias.com;MajorPVP
holesterdip.servegame.com;Holesterdip
play.leafcreeper.com;LeafCREEPER
vcoudmultimedia.cloudapp.net:8085;Golden Venezuela Minecraft
Doodcraft.us.to;DoodCraft
109.230.255.198;PXLStorm
119.81.65.243:36587;Antaresh MMOs
Play.Gentlemanservers.com;GentleMensServer
mc.fivestars.lv;FiveStars
185.38.148.88:25603;Penguin Craft
play.blaze-craft.net;Blaze Craft
play.suegofaults.net:25566;SuegoFaults
37.187.134.19;Snowball District
pvp.insaneraids.com;InsideRaids
Play.staticcraft.eu:25580;StaticCraft
mc.pres-lie.com;CraftPVP
s14.minespan.com:25919;DigitalCraft
mc.instamc.com.br;InstaMC
EnderCraft.Mcnode.Net;Endercarft
AgarioMC.com;Agar.io - Minecraft
play.minecraft-romania.ro;Lejiunea
play.teamextrememc.com;crafting
play.sapphireprison.org;Sapphire Prison
BloodshedFactions.net;Bloodshed Factions
79.133.61.13;SkyMine  Cracked und Premium
198.27.69.147:26597;HelmsCraft
104.128.48.84;Zenithia
142.4.206.234;SynergyNetwork
luckcraftpvp.net;LuckCraft PvP
192.99.45.162:46089;CraftStoneBR
192.99.44.171:25742;Project Source
warlord.mcpro.co;WarlordPvP
167.114.117.147:25611;TheDerpyMinecrafters
Fatal-Factions.ga;Fatal-Factions
mc.techackr.com;TecHackr
108.170.45.67:25635;Lextercraft
167.114.101.146:25866;Energetic Prison
slimecraft6.mcpro.eu;slimecraft
185.38.148.97:25566;Pine Woods
lobby.pdgh.com.br;PDGH Network - Lobby 1
lobby.pdgh.com.br;PDGH Network - Lobby
play.originpvp.com;Origin PvP
play.originpvp.com;Origin PvP
play.originpvp.com;Origin PvP
mc.expansion-mc.com;Expansion III
mc.sinfulpvp.com;Sinful PvP
play.adhesivemc.com;AdhesiveMc
162.244.165.61:47823;SkellyCraft
unitynetwork.mc-srv.com;UnityNetwork
frd.mn;YeahWhat
play.trilon.org;Trilon Network
rapture-mc.mcpro.co;RaptureMC Need Staff
pvp.vengeancefactions.com;Vengeance Factions
play.minefaze.net;Mine Faze
play.damnop.net;DamnOP
69.175.9.101;MineGames
167.114.159.136;Technological Realms
204.27.63.45;GatoCraft
108.170.6.138:39771;McPlaza
76.72.172.240:25692;MineArch
mc.tangoworldwide.net;TangoWorldWide.net | Minecraft Server
play.damnop.net;DamnOPNetwork
play.narcoticsmc.com;NarcoticsMc Drug Server
167.114.172.108:25595;Venom Hub
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
creepernetwork.playsrv.nl;CreeperNetwork
clerringprison.mc-srv.com;OP SkyClerring Prison
96.8.119.226:25665;Craftagious
juggernautpvp.com;JuggernautPvP
the.raidproject.com;The Raid Project
192.99.44.123:36706;Population Square
play.cubexmc.com;Minecraft Slovenija
167.114.100.223;CraftedWarfare
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Win REAL money
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Win REAL money
space-mc.net;SpaceMC
32.212.15.181;RaidersOfficial
192.99.147.89:35022;Hu3 Server
playturtlecraft.mcpro.co;TurtleCraft
162.244.167.40;Free Build Server
mc.electroncloud.us;Electron Cloud
97.89.169.179;Classic Realms
s31.hosthorde.com:26134;Steel Tower
playturtlecraft.mcpro.co;TurtleCraft
greercraft.dtdns.net:25569;Greercraft
maximumfactions.primedtnt.com;Maximum Factions
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
mc.respawnred.ovh;RespawnRed
geotime.eu;GeoTime
play.morepvp.net;MorePVP Network
geotime.eu;GeoTime | Skyblock
geotime.eu;GeoTime | Skyblock
geotime.eu;GeoTime | awesome people
geotime.eu;GeoTime | skyblock
geotime.eu;GeoTime | join now
mc.rustleyjoes.com;Rustley Joes
geotime.eu;GeoTime | awesome players
geotime.eu;GeoTime | Skyblock
geotime.eu;GeoTime
geotime.eu;GeoTime
167.114.100.109;TheOasisFFA
193.111.140.210:26421;Porkys World
5.200.23.161:26058;McTopia
geotime.eu;GeoTime
starnet.ddns.net:25770;just a awesome mc server
hazardcraft.mymc.io:30043;Hazard Craft
mc.minestruck.org;MineStruck Prison OP Factions And More
geotime.eu;GeoTime
play.MontyCraft.com;MontyCraft
geotime.eu;GeoTime
geotime.eu;GeoTime
158.69.130.185;Titan Craft KitPvP
mc-greek.net;MCGreek
pvp.mcrift.net;MCRift
s11.minespan.com:25711;Hypercraft
play.damnop.net;DamnOP Network
play.craftedpixelmc.com;Crafted Pixel MC
s18.minespan.com:25730;CynEnergy - Faction Based Server
mc.vayrin.com;Vayrin Realms
play.sfmc.me;SFMC
SB-Central.com;central sb
mc.thegoldengalaxy.net;TheGoldenGalaxy
essencedmc.com;EssencedMc
Nucleargamenetwork.com;NGN Server#1 (Main)
trollieunicornserver.myserver.gs;the unicorn club
s6.minespan.com:26073;Legend Town
192.99.200.176:25588;The Dark Ages War and Conquest
gangprison.com;Gang Prison
s17.minespan.com:25585;Mushroom Paraguay IV
185.28.191.77:25874;SamServer
mc.minecloud.us;MineCloud
162.248.74.50:25588;BetaCenter
162.244.165.171:45620;DGNetwork
mc.losthourgaming.com;Lost Hour Gaming
199.187.127.137:25815;Ruda Pvp
31.214.206.197;Block City
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;Eninjacraft
162.244.167.101:35285;Prison Zone
endersword.mcserver.ws;EnderSword
geotime.eu;GeoTime | GiveAway
geotime.eu;GeoTime
superneusgames.playsrv.nl;SuperNuske
officialminecat.ddns.net;The Official Minecat server
geotime.eu;GeoTime
151.80.169.117;Xyvis
geotime.eu;GeoTime
37.187.146.164:41201;TheKingdomTTA
geotime.eu;GeoTime
geotime.eu;GeoTime
netcraftmc.net;netcraftmc
192.95.29.137:27069;AstroCube SkyBlock
geotime.eu;GeoTime
198.24.162.98:27959;Pixel Craft
jaggy.org;Jaggy Survival
catcraft.me;CatCraft Network
geotime.eu;GeoTime
PrisonOP.com;PrisonOP
play.vyrna.com;Vyrna Server
fam.viperslair.org;Triumphs FamilyCraft
geotime.eu;GeoTime
mcogaming.beastmc.com;MCO Gaming Pixelmon
play.minecraftland.net;Minecraft Land
JCraftRealms.us.to:27866;JCraftRealms
184.154.99.51;Cosmic Craft
JCraftRealms.us.to:27866;JCraftRealms
RedemptionMC.net;RedemptionMC
play.netherportal.us.to;NetherPortal
JCraftRealms.us.to:27866;JCraftRealms
core-craft.net;Core Craft
anotherearth.mcalias.com;AnotherEARTH
mc.moddednetwork.com;Modded Network
192.99.47.116:25570;MineClipse
helixmc.factions.ws;HelixMC
play.shahhubmc.com;Shahhubmc
66.85.150.11:25585;NodexFactions
play.DanPower.info;DanPower
vaporizedmc.mcs4.me;VaporizedMc
mc.me1312.net;ME CRAFT 
wolfcraft.noip.me;Wolf Craft
play.dwmprohosting.com;| DwMProHosting | 24/7 | BungeeCord
2.248.178.62;Dinocraft
104.243.36.115;Build Craft Server
158.69.134.139;Pugcraft
Catchemcraftpix.mcph.co;CatchemCraft
zone82.net;MTGCraft
Play.mclegends.net:25585;Mclegends
VoltageNetworks.net;SGTeams
5.255.85.213:26168;superneusgames
s36.hosthorde.com:26080;UniversalTorch
37.187.134.19:27066;Snowball District
geotime.eu;GeoTime
deathsurvival.com;DeathSurvival
geotime.eu;GeoTime
play.cubecraftgames.net;cubecraft
EpicPvP.eu;EpicPvP
prison.grained.net:25753;Grained
167.114.100.223:25627;DragonsCraft
geotime.eu;GeoTime
geotime.eu;GeoTime
142.4.218.205:25818;Vanilla MC
108.170.20.186:56398;DragonCraft
thenexusmc.net;PowerMoveCentral
winternetworks.noip.me;WinterNetworks
dextropvp.net;DextroPvP
eu.mcpro.eu;McNation
mc.ninjaguild.com;NinjaGuild
50.31.103.67:26489;CheeseCraft
empires.dmch.nl;EmpiresMC 4.0
DoughCraft.crafted.pro;DoughCraft Creative Factions
play.hovercraftmc.net;HovercraftMC
192.99.21.163:28431;GoldenCraft
certifiedpvp.mc-srv.com;CertifiedFactions
geotime.eu;GeoTime
play.massacrecraft.net;Massacre Craft
192.99.44.160:41810;BoysCraft
play.NoxusUHC.nl;Noxus server
dragonlordspvp.beastmc.com;Dragon Lord PvP
198.154.104.210;SoulMC
mc.haxiclesticks.com;Haxiclesticks Disneyland
37.187.153.8:27780;Crafting Caves
192.99.161.56:26850;EnderShire RPG Server
go.craftxd.com;CraftXD Server
91.211.246.147;BattleLegion NetWork 
d4g-craft.mcnode.net;D4GCraft
play.badasscraft.com;BadassCraft
167.114.64.84;TravelGame Network
2015pvp.us.to;2015 PVP
gizmo.mcnode.net;test server
mc.keinett.us;Keinett
mc5.spillvert.no:25883;DC minecraft |PVP|Factions|
mc.darthpvp.us;darthpvp
142.4.218.208:25582;DeadlySins
play.unitednetworkserver.com;United Network
forgottenseasons.nitrous.it;Forgotten Seasons
167.114.103.191:26514;WolfCraft
Mc.Mineverso.Com;Mineverso
play.crazyfactions.eu;Need Staff CrazyFactions
mc.overlandspvp.com:25765;OverlandsPvP
mc2.imperiumpopuli.net;Imperium Populi
ihnetwork.co.uk;IH Network
ihnetwork.co.uk;IH Network
162.244.164.11:60451;AdvivoCraft
167.114.1.219:25718;FlamingORB
159.8.75.39:44924;Community Craft
192.99.150.104:25975;Region Network Factions 
play.tool-crafted.com;Tool Crafted
37.187.139.123:28032;ProjectPixels
play.rekt.it;MLGCraft Network
37.187.154.73:25702;MooshCraft
geotime.eu;GeoTime
178.32.74.238;OdditySMP
as2.hydrox.co;HydroxX Agrarian Skies 2 
5.255.70.79:25833;EuroGaming
Play.MysticSkies.Org;MysticSkies
192.99.201.213:25621;TKO network
mc.eliteemerald.com;EliteEmerald
play.dreamcraft-network.net;dreamcraft
warfaremc.tk:28228;WarfareMC
37.187.150.162:26065;TrillestPvP
play.simple-sv.com;Simple Survival
chickengames.g-s.nu;ChickenGames NetWork
play.exaltric.xyz:25605;Exaltric
mineplex.land;monman11
158.69.172.68;Waffle Outpost
cm-clearmist.beastmc.com;Clear Mist
Banditcraft.serv.nu;Banditcraft
play.minefex.com;MineFex
pvp.minestorm.us;Minestorm
geotime.eu;GeoTime
gacraft.mcpro.co;Gacraft
dlusionist.mine.nu:25569;LyxTime Network Factions
46.4.84.8;DetroyServer
mc.bksurvival.co.uk;BKSurvival
civilizationsmc.com;Minecraft Civilizations
Play.pixelplanetmc.com;PixelPlanetMC
158.69.172.68;Waffle Outpost
botg.mcpro.co;Blood Of The Galaxy
JuggernautPvP.com;JuggernautPvP
68.53.80.214;Ninja Servers
geotime.eu;GeoTime
geotime.eu;GeoTime
193.111.142.172;BigWorld
Heroicfactions.net;Heroic Factions
geotime.eu;GeoTime
158.69.26.30;minuxcraft
geotime.eu;GeoTime
ultimatefun.beastmc.com;UltimateFun
geotime.eu;GeoTime
play.diamondcraft.xyz;DiamondCraft
magmafactions.mcph.co:39296;Magma Factions
dragonpvpv3.fadehost.com;DragonPvP
Rage.beastmc.com;Luxcraft
198.143.140.163;SacroPrison
NovaNet.mcph.eu;NovaNet
66.85.150.11:25775;Aurorium
Thegamersnetwork.net;TGN factions kitpvp skyblock
173.236.23.166;Troll Kingdom
151.80.78.207:29310;MineMania
167.114.1.210:25576;MineDogs
158.69.172.68;Waffle Outpost
Play.OrbitalPrison.Com;Orbital Prison
WeedyCraft.mcjoin.eu:26333;WeedyCraft
192.99.21.123:27199;Oakwood
shadowfactions.us.to;ShadowFactions
tc-lobby.mcsrv.eu;TC-Network
212.129.11.28:10878;SwordFac
Play.ArmyStich.Me;ArmyStich
TheZircon.net;TheZircon
5.255.85.200:26182;Pineapplecraft KingDom Server
mc.bloxrealm.net;BloxRealm
193.111.140.250:26532;Pownders
104.37.29.199:26716;LastCallPVP
mc.justbuildswe.com;JustBuild Survival
smashpvp.co;Smashpvp
play.mc-kellerkinder.de;KellerKinder SkyBlock Server
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;Ninjacraft
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;ninjacraft
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;ninjacraft
natura.servegame.com;Natura
play.firelightmc.eu;FireLight Network
craftex.iminecraft.se:25601;CRAFTEX
eu.civcraft.net;CivCraft 2.0
play.swiftcraft.eu;Swift-Craft
reborncraft.biz;Reborncraft
192.99.44.171:25903;MCMG1 - Minecraft Minigames 1 - V3
mc.stillcraft.pl;Stillcraft.pl
162.223.9.58;NautilusNetwork
107.6.140.162;JSCCraft
mc15.fadehost.com:26251;MythicalNetwork
geotime.eu;GeoTime
167.114.103.186:36358;Iron Kingdoms
bluewatercode.com;Blue Water Craft
theminecloud.org;MineCloud Network
Premium.GommeHD.net;GommeHD.net-Premium
s4.minespan.com:25729;The Swift Network
play.defiantmc.net;Defiant MC Network
play.royalconvicts.net;RoyalConvicts.net
167.114.174.89:25570;The Gold Guild
play.milky-craft.com;Milky-Craft Nations
108.85.45.164;DarkMatter SMP
carpsa.beastmc.com;Carpsa 
giftedgames.net;GiftedGames
play.embryopvp.com;EmbryoPVP
192.95.0.213;EnderPvP
69.175.65.130;StriveMC Factions
69.162.68.76;GalaxyNetwork
134.255.232.230;AnvernumCraft
23.235.224.34:25928;Classic Craft
Forsakencrafts.com;ForsakenCraft
fishbowl.sharkdice.ca;The Fishbowl
play.worldofchaos.us;World of Chaos
198.245.62.16;The Gaming Gaming
play.echogold.co.uk;EchoGold
167.114.116.145:25818;BuildAhOlics
hyperioncraft.mcpro.co;Hyperion Craft
167.114.102.150:25936;MarRealms
mc.bmrmc.com;Black Moon Rising
play.risingempire.eu;Rising Empire Network
142.4.218.206:25904;PetriCorePrison
192.95.29.31:25592;itsAsmallWORLD
play.uniquecraft.eu;Uniquecraft
tgc-city.tk;NEW Vanilla Survival
play.cubecraft.net;CubeCraft Games
sandbox09.mtxserv.fr:27040;KeraZhan
hagymacraft.mcraft.io;HagymaCRaft
hydroxidemc.xyz;HydroxideMC
bacontownmc.hostbukkit.com:27685;BaconTownMC
fpvdronecraft.gamename.net;FPVdronecraft
158.69.152.185;MagicsServer
167.114.102.150:25868;KingdomPowerMC
DanishPvP.dk;DanishPvP
mc.thegoldengalaxy.net;The Golden Galaxy
InfinityRealm.mcjoin.eu;InfinityRealm
play.minetag.net;MineTag
134.255.227.163;PixelCraft
158.69.162.124;AvidGaming Buycraft Server
play.reevemc.com;Reevemc
estinet.net;EstiNet
play.omegarealm.com;OmegaRealm
jeweljulze.zapto.org;JewelJulze
play.crunchmc.net;CrunchMC | Needs Staff
Pinacraft.mcpro.co;PinaCraft
37.187.134.19:27051;PhantomCraft
167.114.100.168:43702;UrbsidaCraft Network
play.treeslayer.net;TreeSlayer
Fishbowl.sharkdice.ca;The Fishbowl -- New 24/7 Server
MC.ApocalypsePvP.net;ApocalypseMC
OmegaMinecraft.net;Omega Network
108.170.45.67:25700;GalaxyLegend
cvsgmc.pvpme.org;CvsG MC
play.humblecraft.uk;HumbleCraft
play.dream-mc.org;Dream-Mc
91.201.173.130;FireCraft
EMP-Network.EU;EMP-Network.EU
EMP-Network.EU;EMP-Network.EU
play.haxcraft.net:39929;haxcraft
87.98.181.80:25575;StormHunter
unitygaming.de;UnityGaming Network
mc.neptune-craft.com;NeptuneCraft
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;Eninjacraft
Crazy-village.com;CrazyVillage Network
s26.hosthorde.com:25868;The Reef
play.BobbityGalaxy.com;BobbityGalaxy
easyfactions.com;Easy Factions
92.222.134.165;BunnyCraft
158.69.26.30:25633;Survival pvp  
play.thequantex.co;The Quantex KitPvP
162.245.0.55;SkellyCraft
198.20.107.162;Volcanic Craft
mc.buttercraft.net;ButterCraft
88.150.146.19;FTB - Infinity - RPG
play.legendarymc.us;LegendaryMC
corndog.corticalcafe.com;SkyCorn
golemcraft.gamename.net;GolemCraft
play.heriocraft.com;HerioCraft
play.mintpvp.com;MintPvp
104.193.182.77;Dawn of Reckoning - Medieval Roleplay
192.99.147.89:34911;BagMine
us.twittuhc.com;TwittUHC - UHC Network
coldice.eu:25571;ColdICE MC
MushroomCraft.mcpro.co;MushroomCraft
85.14.230.245;Pandamonium
mineheroes.net;mineheroes.net
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;ninjacraft
108.60.210.40;Capital Creative
epic.mcnode.net;Epic-Craft
46.228.206.85;WhitePvP.4minecraft.de
104.238.145.103:10080;Pixeldice
ravagew.ru;RavageWorld
178.32.249.237;BrightCraft Pixelmon
188.165.198.106:27208;Dragon Empire
play.astrusmc.org;AstrusMC
play.curiocore.com;CurioCore
coldice.eu:25571;coldice
192.99.44.171:25903;McMg1 - Minecraft Minigames 1 - V2
158.69.130.187;FalconPvP
bukkitmc.mcph.co;BukkitMC
162.244.165.61:47823;SkellyCraft
SuperKits.US;SuperKits
avalonpvp.com;Avalon Factions
167.114.100.223;ChampPvP
play.treeslayer.net;Tree Slayer Factions
s16.minespan.com:25959;Optical Factions
us.gamequestmc.com;GameQuest
craftworldpvp.no-ip.org;craftworld
play-pringlecraft.mcph.co;Pringlecraft FSCS
DogeMC.tk;Doge Super OP Prison
spil.styxrp.net;Styx Paradise - KitPvP
cubeplex.ru;CubePlex
play.wwzmc.com;World War Z MC
Mc.FurnaceCraft.Net:25965;FurnaceCraft
gunfight.dmch.nl;GunFight
mc.paintballarcadia.com;Paintball Arcadia
fierypyrocraft.mcph.co;PyroCraft
159.8.75.40;Blaze Prison 
minecraft.morticraft.com;MortiCraft
146.185.156.114;exigo orbis
themultiverse.mcpro.co:26780;The Multiverse
gladiopvp.net;GladioPvP
mc.jewelpvp.com;JewelPvP
viptracraft.beastmc.com;ViptraCraft
185.38.148.48;KotamC
play.cubecraft.net;Cubecraft
178.32.247.197;FactionWars
atmos.me;Atmosphere
Inutile-Gaming.com;InutileGaming
play.orbitalcloudmc.com;Orbital Cloud
NuclearPvP.m.ly;NuclearPvP
play.treeslayer.net;Tree Slayer Factions
208.115.193.204:25566;creator factions
167.114.39.174;ExoticPvP
mc.hyperprison.info:25683;Hyper Prison
moltenfactions.tk;Molten Core
85.190.163.6;PlanetGames
76.72.172.233:25783;Cathattan CityRP
167.114.116.146:25711;Toast-Craft
silointsden.com;Siloints Den
play.an-mc.net:25560;Anmc
198.27.80.71:26495;RJMC Join now (Need Staff)
PvPCo.in;PvPCoin Network
s13.minespan.com:26284;NEED Staff
mc.oceanicsurvival.com;Oceanic Survival
104.243.36.207;tyrants and plebians TDM PVP server
ElectroPVP.eu;ElectroPVP
play.candyprison.net:49063;Candy Prison
s3.minespan.com:25871;Xerl
192.95.46.24;Fly Factions
play.BreakingMC.net;BreakingMC
GalacticFactions.mcph.co;Galactic Factions Network
192.99.17.224:25643;TwoGamersOneChannel
zytoprison.com;ZytoPrison
192.99.38.198:27937;Hydra Factions
209.133.209.255:26216;LionNetworks
pvp.veroxus.com;Veroxus
play.treeslayer.net;TreeSlayer
mc.lifecubed.us;Life Cubed
acidflux.us;Acidflux Minecraft
mc.acidflux.us;AcidFlux
raidcraft.us;RaidCraft
mc.victoriousprison.net;Victorious Prison
mc.wackyhub.com;Wacky Network
voidrealms.playat.CH;Voidrealms
endlessadventure.mymc.io;Endless Adventure Gaming
silointsden.com;silointsden
creativehub.mcph.co:28101;Creative Hub
mc.voxel-studios.net;Voxel Studios
shhhimnothereserver.mcph.co;SFG Empire
192.99.18.164:26513;Hidden World
158.69.26.30:25615;The Spark of Edyn
mc.TheHydraHub.us:55481;The Hydra Hub
hraj.stevecraft.cz;Steve Craft 
Play.QuantaCraft.Eu;QuantaCraft
farmine.chickenkiller.com;FarMine
mc.team-neo.com;Team-NeO Survival Server - With a Twist
play.craftedpixelmc.com;Crafted Pixel
mc.blawk-network.com;Blawk Network
FactionsNetwork.net;SiegePvP
play.shardtcraft.net;ShardtCraft
PieCentral.net;PieCentral Network 
2.139.231.247;AllCraft Network
play.opcraft.net;opcraft
mc.wez.li;mc.wez.li
158.85.69.136:50416;UniversalShad0w10
mc.havox.org;HavoX
play.jungle-network.com;Jungle-Network
crazzyisland.minecraftbr.net;CrazzyIsland
62.210.94.182:25647;BamBoo Craft
mc.wackyhub.com;WackyNetwork
108.170.14.146:65428;EDZ Factions
play.precisionmc.co.uk;PrecisionMC
192.223.31.220;CCG Infinity
relaxationNation.mcpro.co;relaxationNation
BedrockGames.ml;BedrockGames
relaxationNation.mcpro.co;relaxationNation
mc.minecraftquebec.ca;Minecraft Quebec
jogar.mithcraft.com;ThorCraft
play.surestcraft.com;Surest Craft
158.69.24.137:25760;Trinity Raiding
endercraft.mcnode.net;EnderCraft
block-realms.com;Block Realms Towny
play.endernetpvp.com;EnderNetwork
nanocraft.gaminor.com;NanoCraft
play.superbunny-mc.net:26493;SuperBunny
Play.slime.ga;SlimeNetwork
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
mc.emerellis.com;Emerellis Network
play.deathzone.ml;DeathZone
104.37.29.199:26700;Radiance Network Pixelmon
94.23.55.143;Ultra Modded-Survival
juicecraft.mcph.co;JuiceCraft
NeverMC.net;NeverMC
s4.minespan.com:26032;OGBlazinFactions
162.244.165.81:64843;Lucasxyz5 Village
MagmaCube.mcph.eu;MagmaCube
play.cheesecraft.eu;Cheesecraft
mcvivetcraft.us.to;VivetCraft
167.114.173.78;Anoxia
minersnetworkmc.com;minersnetwork
mc.GalleonCraft.net;GalleonCraft - Minecraft Towny Server
s9.hosthorde.com:25929;The Realm of Mianite
play.codmc.net;CraftOfDuty
208.115.245.205;Dont Stop Playing
starcraft-minecraft.hosthorde.net:21;Starcraft-Minecraft
play.grandcraftauto.net;GrandCraftAuto Custom GTA Server
gilded.mcserver.ws;Gilded Age
vageffa.us;VageFFA - Custom FFA
pvp.infinitycraft.me;InfinityCraft
unbreakablestone.duckdns.org;Unbreakable Stone
192.95.49.181;RelentlessPvP
play.waffleoutpost.com;Waffle Outpost
198.50.133.82;God Faction
Pinacraft.mcpro.co;Pineapplecraft
mc.warfine.com;WarfineMC
192.95.7.214;RezenderGaming
play.treeslayer.net;Tree Slayer Factions
mc.ssnetwork.us;SS Network
theprism.mcpro.co;The Prism
acidriver.mymc.io;AcidRiver
23.235.248.92;PagliaHexxit server
s20.minespan.com:25728;SimplySurvival
SlimyNation.gamename.net;BobTheNinja
play.xwegcraft.com;XWeG Craft
commandspvp.com;CommandsPVP
198.20.107.162;VolcanicCraft Factions
198.20.107.162;VolcanicCraft Factionz
mc.thecraftersguild.net;The Crafters Guild
104.219.4.185;All Mighty Server
mckeycraft.nl;Keycraft
Potionpvp.us;PotionPvP
www.maxwellolmen.com;Maxwells Survival
blockgames.nl:36952;BlockGames
s2.minespan.com:26105;EternarlCraft
endertownmc.serveminecraft.net;Endertown
mc.soapcraft.eu;SoapCraft
178.32.234.57;Opticcraft
LOTBmc.com;Lord of the Blocks
mcmagic.us;mcmagic
s18.minespan.com:25902;BushCraft
raidingfinest.com;Raiding Finest
162.244.164.11;GodCraft
universecraftomega.ddns.net;UniverseCraft Omega
Factions.beastmc.com;McCookieFactions
s20.minespan.com:25728;Survival Landia
play.astriacraft.com;AstriaCraft
play.empiremcnetwork.com;Empire MC Network
play.termacraft.com;TermaCraft
mc.techackr.com;TecHacker
codze.mcpro.co;Cod Warfare
ionium.co;Ionium
167.114.116.146:25711;Toast-Craft
167.114.100.223;Look at description for real ip
aspectpvp.us.to;AspectPvP | MassivePvP | Staff Needed
74.123.162.14;CyberWorldMc
jogar.biglandia.com;biglandia
play.crypticmc.net;CrypticMC
64.140.164.67:30102;TheMatrix
rol.nitrous.it;Realm Of Lothiredon
162.244.166.101:33402;Mysteria Craft
178.32.249.237;BrightCraft 
mc.minevex.com;Minevex
codexprison.nitrous.it;Codex-Prison
play.alexsoft-bg.com;icecraft
play.emcgaming.ga;EvolverNet Survival Server
skygamingesp.fluctis.com;SkyGaming
livinghq2.serverminer.com:26427;LivingHQ2
fierypyrocraft.mcph.co;PyroCraft Factions
duskpvp.mcalias.com;Death At Dusk PVP
mc13.fadehost.com:26422;Redemtion Network
play.pizzamc.us;The Minecraft Pizza Server
play.pilotmc.com:25927;PilotMC
159.8.141.198;Legacy Realm
play-kw6craft.mcpro.co;kw6Craft
65.60.0.189;Galactic Factions
5.200.23.180:25957;XtremeCraft
freebuild.oseis.net;Oseis Gaming
67.230.161.218;hangoutserver
158.69.172.79;GreekFactions (Read Description)
65.60.15.72;Prime Rib Craft
Bunkercraft.us.to;Bunker Craft
mc.capvp.net;Ca PvP
darkauramc.mcph.co;DarkAuraMC
mc.Spadecraft.net;Spadecraft Network
fatalbuilders.noip.me;FatalBuilders
minepeople.es;MinePeople
Nawdoms.net;Nations at War
play.finesseinnovations.net;Finesse Innovations
clickrealm.ddns.net;Click Realm
SlimeNation.org:12244;SlimeNation
173.199.76.132:10060;DragonRage
158.69.26.30:25617;Majestic
167.114.103.186:36354;ChaosCraft
mc.risingdawn.eu;Rising Dawn
mc.aliacraft.net;AliAcraft
185.38.148.185:25575;Minekingdom Pixelmon
Zenospvp.net;ZenosPvP - FFA Server
MythicMIne.net;MythicMine Skyblock
104.219.5.126;ViperLand
play.minevenom.net;MineVenom
thedoctor654321.ddns.net;Renegade
23.91.4.10:55679;PixelCraft
71.237.11.81;Zarkran - Factions/PvP/Raiding |
142.4.199.135;Hera PVE
Play.MedievalLords.Net;Play.Medievallords.net
apexmc.mcpro.co;ApexMC
FL-Multiworld.de;FL-Multiworld
jrfactions.fadehost.com;JRFactions
93.123.18.24;DramaticPvP
198.24.164.74:27247;GooeyCraft
ForsakenMc.uk.to;ForsakenMc
mc.batcraft.mcserver.ws;BatCraft
universalcraft.net;dennis
craftmars.com;MarsMC
play.mc-legends.com;mc-legends
ZenosPvP.Net;ZenosPvP
s18.minespan.com:25862;TacticalPvP
superworld.minecraft.to;SuperWorld
PlayKC.com;Kingdom Craft
battlecraft.us;battlecraft
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;Eninjacraft
battlecraft.us;rubik_cube_man
wk.beastmc.com;WhiteKriptonite
mc.papernoobsprison.xyz;PaperNoobsPrison
play.thecrewmc.net;TheCrew MC--Factions/Creative/Arcade
HardServ.srvmc.pl;HardServ
198.24.160.34:63990;SquidCraft
hub.shg.ninja:25577;Solar Horizon Minecraft
bilblem.mcserver.ws;BilBlem
purpleprison.net;PurplePrison
s12.minespan.com:25949;DarknessCraft
Play.Obedientpvp.net;Obedient PvP
cd.jacgaming.com;JAC Gamings Crafting Dead
codze.mcpro.co;MC COD Zombies
node1.gts-gs.com:25571;Advanced Prison
167.114.158.79:25706;EvolutionaryDucks
65.60.62.66:36057;kingsVillage
mcs.minecraft.gs;MCS Network
medievalcraft-server.mcpro.co;Medievalcraft - Land of Valewin
us.mcgamer.net;RoyaltyMc
5.152.199.138:25689;Cubedcraft Pixelmon
ChickenIt.nitrous.it;ChickenIt
valreamc.mcpro.eu:11111;ValreaMC
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;happycraft
play.radzacraft.net;Rakija Network
GS39.swifthosting.dk:25569;FaxeKondi PVP
167.114.118.194:25862;CrailCraft
pvp.platonicmc.net;PlatonicMC
play.bg-mc.in;bg-mc
mc.angelicsurvival.com;AngelicSurvival
192.95.15.231; Hidden Depths Factions
158.69.25.173:25571;FantasyCraft
162.244.165.161:60261;freeop 360noscope
192.99.21.111:25718;Soaring Survival
DarknessPMC.mcpro.co;DarknessPMC Server
mc.rubyi.st;Glyph Network | Dungeon Crawler
209.133.210.41:25750;ElPanaCraft
FuzionFactions.mcpro.co;Fuzion Factions
artemispvp.fadehost.com;ArtemisPVP
abnormalpvp.net;Abnormal PvP
gotcreeper.fluctis.com:25777;Got Creeper
aw-mc.net;AW-MC.net
mcphun.ddns.net;MCPhun
162.244.165.161:60261;Freeop Block Plots
198.20.94.108;FallenDepths
potionwarriors.net;Potion Warriors
h1g.se;h1g
5.196.164.103;ShogunCraft
mc-nx.net:25566;MCNX
162.223.8.188;IDistrictMC need staff now come joiin
faxcraft.dmch.nl;Faxcraft
mc.ecila.ro;Minecraft Ecila
snapshot.justsurvival.net;JustSurvival Snapshot Survival 
play.risingempire.eu;Rising Empire
play.eigrua.com;Eigrua
91.121.210.161:28431;BladeFacions
surgemc.net:52851;SurgeMC
frenzic.co.uk:25562;lazercraft
188.227.183.12;Titanium Craft
cosmiccraft.apexmc.co:25958;Cosmic Factions
213.67.139.249;SwingCraft
86.45.123.39;Solaris Factions
minehost74.host-unlimited.de:28820;EpicBattle
s9.minespan.com:25576;ValorousPvP
167.114.100.168;MinePixel
s34.hosthorde.com:25937;Golden PvP
mceclipse.mc-srv.com:26110;MCEclipse
mc.eternitypvpmc.com;EternityPVP
therealms.mcpro.co;KingsMenCraft
37.187.134.19:27042;Fire City
raidfury.com;RaidFury
kirbycraft.game.nfoservers.com;Kirby Craft
167.114.156.201:25812;ZuriHCF
virtualarcademc.com;Virtual Arcade
Play.MythicalSMP.Com;MythicalSMP
alphacom.fmc.pw;Alphacom
Play.GlowCraftOpNetwork.com;GlowCraftOpNetwork
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
SuperiorPvP.com;SuperiorPvP
37.187.139.125:27145;GGSurvival
play.cmmc.cf;CreeperMinerMC
creativemines.beastmc.com;Creative Mines
titancubes.mcph.co;Titan Cubes
167.114.102.208;DivinePvp
mcpowerdoge.mcph.co;PowerDoge
104.219.4.114:25573;DeltraCorePrison
69.23.44.59:25566;Vampire Wars
167.114.211.206:25602;Verona Craft
play.mineheroes.net;mineheroes.net
192.99.149.167:26126;MasterPvP
mc.sciscape.us;SciScape
FunkyPrison.net;FunkyNetwork
37.187.141.62:27689;DatStrafe
SkyGTA.EU;SkyGTA.EU
37.187.175.190:32013;ANZRCraft
gcraft.servermania.eu;G-Craft Minigames Server
193.111.140.222:26302;DiamondSecondGamingNL
109.169.58.81;Walritus
s2.hosthorde.com:25869;BorniCraft
netcraftmc.net;NetCraft
pvprison.tk:25666;PvPrison
frant119.serv.nu;Emotionless Craft
198.20.179.130:26613;Amazing new server need players
80.241.221.34;Daemon Network
mc.dleg.no;Sand
mc.beanblockz.com;Sally
play.corbacraftmc.com;CorbaCraft
admixia.ddns.net;Admixia
185.25.205.227;NovaGamer
198.178.124.118:26177;Decisive Gamers
190.115.28.151:25792;Fox Craft
windingrealms.simple-url.com;Winding Realms (Pixelmon Server)
play.chronicpvp.net;Chronic Network
192.99.38.43:28136;PyroCraft
192.99.47.154:26058;Cheese Craft
pvp.vexmc.com;VexMC - Custom Enchants
192.99.142.215;Devastating PvP
qbcraft.mcpro.co;Towny World
mc.TrippyCraft.net;TrippyCraft Factions
budcraft.mcserver.ws:25632;BudCraft
69.175.54.90:46712;derpy poatao PVE
104.37.29.199:26716;LastCall PvP
GodzzCraft.mcph.co;GodzzCraft
Cosmic-Creative.mcnode.net;Cosmic-Creative
158.69.22.191:27750;The Little Duckling
AtlanteanCraft.net;AtlanteanCraft
CityCraft.myserver.gs:40450;CityCraft
cupcake.g.akliz.net;Epic Tasty
mc.derivativegaming.com;Derivative Gaming Minecraft
192.99.44.94:58491;J0nis Server
creepacraft.org;CreepaCraft
162.223.8.209;Hyper Gaming Network
198.20.179.130:26613;Awesomecraft
Reticlecraft.mcph.co;Reticle Craft
198.20.179.130:26613;Awesome craft needs players
159.8.75.38:32412;Need Staff BoneCraf
Play.DisclosureFactions.com;Disclosure Factions
mc.adventurerealm.net;Adventure Realm
budgetuk.virtualgladiators.com:25587;HexyBlock | OP Skyblock
Toastcraft.gamename.net;ToastCraft
23.235.224.27;MVPCraft
wwm.serverminer.com:26118;Wingnuts Wicked Minecraft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
theyins.mcph.co;AlphaCraft
StrikeCraft.mygs.co;StrikeCraft
play.uhcf.us.to;UltraHardcore Factions
cosmic-factions.nitrous.it;CosmicFactions
mc.Jellocube.us;JelloCube
ChromeDiamondMC.net;ChromeDiamondMC | Factions
mc.247gamingworld.com;24/7 Gaming World Multiverse
mineaqua.es;OmegaPixels Network
n2.csrv.pl:13586;foxycraft
162.244.164.31:59094;CookieVillage
watacraft.com;WataCraft
184.95.35.194;The Lone Wolf Network
extrictioncraft.mcpro.co:47823;ExtrictionCraft
MorfinPvP.nitrado.net;MorfinPvP
192.99.124.25;The Prosperous Kingdoms
play.cobalaco.nl:27274;Cobalaco s WorldWar
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;need devs
mc32.gamehosting.it:25800;PureVanillaCraft
play.HyperionMC.net;Hyperion Network
MianiteWorlds.com;Mianite
174.138.171.122:33533;TheLimeNetwork
162.244.165.161:60261;TacoMC Freeop
192.99.10.106:26362;Henrys Flans Modpack
play.diamondshard.mcnode.net;Diamond Shard
172.245.181.81:25595;Kantai Servers
195.154.146.126:25689;FuzzyPrison
198.27.80.166:26547;AugCraft
216.172.107.242;Paintcraft
192.99.0.143:27207;Terrestera
mc.plotcity.net;PlotCity
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
158.69.26.30:25617;Cap And Daff Whitelisted Server
184.164.151.82:58513;DTIs place
158.85.102.107;Kings-Factions
162.244.165.151:26672;Pixelmon for Twitch
192.99.161.55:25606;React PvP Factions
162.223.9.58;Nautilus Factions
162.244.164.41:29109;Foreign Factions
198.27.69.147:27414;JebSquad
shadow-network.eaglepoint.us;Shadow Network
samplizer.mcpro.co;samplizer.mcpro.co
play.stripemc.com;Stripe MC
159.8.75.39:30972;CraftEvolved
novacraft.spillvert.no:25914;NovaCraft
RevivedMC.ml;RevivedMC
uprisinghcf.com;UprisingHCF
167.114.116.146:25711;Toast Craft
lagoonCraft.mcalias.com;Lagooncraft
mc.herobrinecraft.net;Herobrine Craft
play.keepcraft.fr;KeeCraft
mc.meongames.be;MeOnGames
162.223.9.101:25566;The Ebony Rebels Network
129.7.112.55;Eternal Eden
admixia.ddns.net;Admixia
Mc-Experience.net;MC-Experience Hub
xtremepvp.fluctis.com;XtremePvP
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Kit PvP
167.114.156.212:25609;PoopCraft
198.24.163.114:64164;BorgSaceMC
maximizegaming.mymc.io;MaximizeGaming
104.243.39.104;After Craft
lavapvpworld.kgdm.me;LavsPvpWorld
dlusionist.mine.nu:25503;LyxTime OP Factions
mc.familyofgaming.fr;Serveur RP - Family Of Gaming
176.31.115.196:25001;RazorGaming
bioprison.us.to:25725;BioLogical Prison
76.72.172.243:25824;NovaNetwork
142.4.218.206:25948;iCraft
mc.tempestmc.com;TempestMC 
ocga.me;OCGA
mc.arcaniacraft.nl;ArcaniaCraft
185.28.188.181;FactionsOG
216.126.195.58;Canadian Factions
play.defiantonegaming.com;DefiantOneGaming
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
play.crytorix-network.com:26257;Crytorix-Network 
play.ragecraft.net;RageCraft
play.squiddcraft.net;SquiddCraft
play.minecraft506.com;Minecraft 506
alpharegions.tk:25586;Amberwolf358
23.91.4.10:55679;Pixelcraft
play.galaxy-rush.net;Galaxy Rush
creepercity.ddns.net;CreeperCity
167.114.100.112:25813;BruteCraft
162.244.167.67;Zanto Gaming
158.69.26.187:25569;TiziniPvP
tumira.net; Tumira Network
dcpvp.servegame.com:12492;DragonCraft
109.169.58.87;Lusting Emerald
mc.playcraftnetwork.com;PlayCraft Network
mineplex.eu;mineplex.
158.69.26.30:25631;ClashCraft
Flanderscraft.mcjoin.it;Flanderscraft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
randommelon.com:46503;Random Melon
play.orbitalprison.com;Orbital Prison
GatilCraft.myserver.gs:10283;GatilCraft
158.69.24.137:25905;0xiteMC
play.crypticgaming.net;Beta - Cryptic Network Gaming
queerymc.mcph.co;QueeryMC
158.69.22.41;exodus
play.azerithmc.net;azerith
bricraft.net;Bri-Craft
s35.hosthorde.com:26240;Bo-Craft
miniarcade.mcpro.co;MiniArcade
192.99.19.190:25961;Xynius
s28.hosthorde.com:25953;InductionCraft
167.114.100.109:25626;DerpCraft
167.114.102.208:25589;HoverWind
TehFrinds.Mc-Srv.Com;sm868 is the boss... Dont Judge
46.4.90.169:25588;diamondpvp.com
op-prison.com;OP-Prison
volatilemc.arkanhost.in:25664;VolatileMC
193.111.140.129:29548;DayZF  Guns Factions  Zombies
lunnarcraft.tk;lunnarcraft
5.200.23.179:25989;EpickingdomNetwork
195.154.146.126:25689;FuzzyPrison
titaniumcore.mcph.co;Titanium Core
Flashnetworks.mcph.co;Flash Networks
46.4.60.2:25570;Mahous
130.180.201.231:25713;ColourCraft
mc.plotcity.net;PlotCity
93.158.236.1;KumlaOnline
167.114.159.141;Aqua craft Factions
play.op-prison.eu;OP-PRISON
coralproject.eu;Coral Project
crushedmc.mcalias.com;DocterNationz
overloadmc.com;OverloadMC
Play.Quantacraft.eu;Quantacraft.eu
TheZilla.joinmc.eu:26047;The Zilla
mc.pegaso-network.com;Pegasus
32.212.15.181;Scape Network
play.colossalmc.com;ColossalMC
play.zhorgan.nl;WeCraft Zhorgan
79.124.56.52;StreetPvP
exquisitemc.hosthorde.net;ExquisiteMC
play.rampagepvp.com;RampagePvP
167.114.116.136:25831;RampagePVP need staff
InsaneFactions.org;InsaneFactions
mc.play-mclords.com;Mc-Lords Network
htx-server.tk;HTX Server
play.omniousmc.com;OmniousMC
69.175.27.179;Nerdy Factions
play.mortal-craft.net;MortalCraft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
play.rynonetwork.us;RynoNetwork
ReticleCraft.mcph.co;ReticleCraft
198.15.94.26:43149;TroubleCraft
162.244.164.51:25809;Hazardous Prison
167.114.159.136:25820;SpartanCraft
162.244.165.81:32367;Repo World
kingslayer.us.to;KingSlayerMC
ybsurvival.com:26063;YBSurvival
AppleCore.ddns.net;AppleCore
enchantedpvp.net;EnchantedPvP.net
131.221.33.56:25410;iPlayCraft Chile
192.99.148.35:25638;soulcraft
Play.VoidRealms.Net;VoidRealms
mc.rvnet.co;ReverseNetwork
62.210.249.120:25728;RankUpSkyblock (BETA)
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;Eninjacraft
endergaming.nitrous.it;EnderGaming
furiouscraft.beastmc.com;FuriousCraft
urbanheaven.net;UrbanHeaven
eaglepvp.omgcraft.fr:12772;EaglePvP
seatos.homeip.net;CakeBending
titannetworkmc.nl;TitanNetworkMC
Guns.mcdl.eu;Agonia GTA
vgcgaminglp.com:25583;VgcGamingLP
185.38.148.48;KotaMC
bassecraft.zapto.org;BasseCraft
cwazycraft.beastmc.com;CwazyCraft
GempirePVP.com;GempirePVP Network
play.icefractal.net;Ice Fractal PvP
69.175.43.4;Vortex PvP
arcane.hosthorde.net;Arcane MC
158.69.26.187:25569;New Server That Needs Staff
mc.lucient.ga;Lucient Network
172.82.134.66:25589;NFINIT Gaming - Pixelmon
novacraft.info:25726;NovaCraft
73.204.62.198;BigRedCatFTW
73.204.62.198;ModernMC
mc-projpi.zapto.org;Project Pilot
S20.minespan.com:26025;TrueMcDarkRp
overcraft.mcpro.eu;MCpro
pvp.sc;Imperial Networks
mc.vrewcraft.com;VrewCraft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
klaitons.mooo.com;KlaitonsMcNation
mc.rvnet.co;ReverseNetwork
League.mchost.no;League
play.ravenfell.net;Ravenfell Network
mc-taintedrpg.mcph.co;TaintedRPG
games.ordoimperialis.com:25575;Ordo Imperialis
AdvancedMC.mcalias.com;Advanced Network
mc.rvnet.co;ReversePvP
173.236.24.52;Land of Snow
192.99.161.57:26649;CrazyCraft 3.0
www.skywars.com;Skywars
RunningDead.4minecraft.de;RunningDead
armorcraft.mcserver.me;ArmorCraft Romania
37.187.75.165:50045;Waffle
192.99.21.163:27223;ExtremeMc
blockaholics.org;Blockaholics
mc.apocgaming.org:7855;APOC Tekkit Main
prison.matecraft.org:25610;Matecraft Prison
162.244.167.131:43400;Celebration Craft
108.174.61.2:25665;Legend of Vexia
cosmic-factions.nitrous.it:25585;CosmicFactions
mc.ptrkraft.net;PtrKraft 
biggcraft.mcph.eu;Biggcraft
s37.hosthorde.com:25943;TybettaGaming
raidercraft.mcpro.co;Raidercraft
64.38.249.36;SkellyCraft MMORPG
79.124.56.52:25569;Dig The Ground
mc.canicraft.ca:25568;CaniCraft Reborn
mc.pvpwarlords.com;PvP Warlords
188.40.104.73:25953;Crux
play.originalpvpfactions.com:25966;Original PvP Factions
mc.pixelgalaxy.net;Pixel Galaxy Network
play.nosarium.com;Nosarium
play.jadefallsb.com;Jadefall Skyblock
142.4.218.51;ObsinateCraft
81.19.211.105:25575;Dino Hunters Dansk
198.144.181.215:25605;KingdomCraft
s9.minespan.com:25693;Stone Kingdom
192.99.0.143:27207;Terrestera
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
mc.kriptonpvp.com;KriptonPvp
slimeballscape.mcpro.co;Slimeballscape
mc.survival.pw;Simple Survival
AetherPrison.mc-srv.com;AetherPrison
blaze-pvp.my.to:25574;BlazePvP - Need staff
blocksalot.duckdns.org;Blocksalot
108.174.60.68:25965;StaticFactions - Need staff
37.187.141.62;Minecraftiano
play.vextronpvp.net;VextronPVP
188.228.19.200;Night Fall 
amplifiedcraft2.mcph.co;Amplified Craft 2
mc.deviantsmc.com;DeviantsMC Cracked Factions server
188.212.101.16;Mc.Laleagane.Ro
HexaPrison.com;HexaPrison.com
minecraft33.omgserv.com:10079;Ostracraft
pitoworld.mchost.pro;pitocraft
FutureMC.hosthorde.net;FutureMC
canadian-craft.net;Canadian Craft
37.187.153.35;Cloud Realms
play.paxprison.com:26016;PAX Prison
cubexmc.net;CubeXMC
TeufelGames.net;TeufelGames
s38.hosthorde.com:26145;JackMinecraft22
64.38.249.36;SkellyCraft
23.95.53.58;WorldPVP
mc.pixelbox.us;PixelBox
SlimeyPlayz.zapto.org;SlimeyPlayz Server
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
ChillCraft.net;ChillCraft
magicmetropolis.serv.nu:41240;Magic Metropolis
pokefreaks.org;PokeFreaks
battle.walkowiak.org;Battleground
minehutpvp.mcph.co;Minehutpvp
192.99.46.97:27959;Supers Ghostcraft
play.ahricraft.com;AhriCraft
162.248.74.39;CerberusNetwork
s1.minecraft-marquee.de;Minecraft-Marquee.de
mc.ideal-core.com;Ideal Core MC
162.244.164.11:39612;HumanNetwork
mc.sparkade.net;SparkadeMC
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
s38.hosthorde.com:26145;VaderMC
68.97.107.38;Mehs World
mc-empirecraft.mcpro.co:50072;EmpireCraft
swiftcraft.org;SwiftCraft
play.centenialpvp.com;CentenialPvP
162.244.165.181:54834;Lunar Central
167.114.102.203:25755;KronixMC
rpg.theprismgaming.co;Prism RPG
167.114.102.154:25920;AirportCraft
167.114.118.18;This Server
142.4.211.102;Reborn SV
mc.craftedpvp.net;CraftedPvP
108.60.194.36;Stars Virtual Nation
bloodline.hosthorde.net;BloodLineFactions
5.29.110.190;Jertix
198.24.162.98:61329;Youtube Network
Lava.PlayAT.CH;PandaChan
wickedrealms.mcph.co;WickedRealm Pirates
play.justmc.net;Just-mine
play.mc-legends.com;Beatriz111111
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;bucket
198.24.160.34:57569;Z-Craft
134.255.252.113;Halbpixel PVP
mineshore.fluctis.com;MineShore
play.mineplug.com;MinePlug
tleg.apocgaming.org;APOC Tekkit Legends
appl3pvp.tk;Appl3 Pvp
167.114.118.18;This Server
159.8.141.198:60357;Indigo Network
smilercraft.mcph.eu;SmilerCraft
mc.superiorservers.co;Superior Minecraft
play.beastpvpmc.com;Beast Pvp
triad.beastmc.com;Triad MC
198.27.125.59;EloPvP
OPBlocks.net;OpBlocks
play.thetreemc.net; TheTreeMC Factions/Raiding/PvP
BuilderMC.mcph.co;BuilderMC
37.187.137.104:24418;Medieval Kings MC
192.99.21.111;ZolgePvp
server.hhminecraft.net;HHminecraft
ligecraft.ddns.net;LigeCraft
sknation.mcph.co;SKNation
mc8.fadehost.com:45867;CraftVille
FuzionNetwork.tk;FuzionNetwork
149.202.66.178;Wizzacraft
s14.minespan.com:25618;The Creeper Hotel
RufixHD.net;RufixHD.net
play.cloud-realms.net;Cloud-Realms
ioncraftmc.mcph.co;IonCRAFT
5.200.23.155:25586;EditionPvP
play.aussiecraft.org;AussieCraft
jectile.com;Jectile (Call of Duty and Zombies)
mc.mcshadowlands.com;McShadowLands
legends.milspecsg.com:25571;MilSpec Tekkit Legends 
81.150.192.228:25572;smp
node1.gts-gs.com:25572;Smp
199.187.127.137:25815;Factions - Brand new
185.38.149.102:25805;SurvivalGamers24/7
167.114.159.141:25681;AquaCraft
jogar.libertycraft.com.br;LibertyCraft
184.95.35.197;COAL
OGFactions.com;CorruptFactions
s4.minespan.com:25696;Fizzy Network
Godcraft.nitrous.it;GodCraft
fierypyrocraft.mcph.co;PyroCraft
fierypyrocraft.mcph.co;PyroCraft
69.175.43.4;Vortex PvP Survival Raiding Factions
69.175.43.4;Vortex PvP Survival Raiding Factions
69.175.43.4;Vortex PvP Survival Raiding Factions
167.114.118.18;This Server
play.xylenefactions.us;Xylene Factions
alvaeron.com;GodMiniGames
the-nebula.net;The Nebula
mc-logintolife.de;Login to Life
79.124.56.50:25570;PvPFieldGaming Residence/PvP/Minigames
ToxicCraft.g-s.nu;Toxic Craft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
slimeroyal.mcph.co;SlimeRoyalty
167.114.1.219:25704;SlimeCraft
151.80.47.25:25761;Karmaland 2
planetfactions.primedtnt.com;PlanetFactions
play.potatonationmc.com;Potato Nation
opblocks.net;opblocks
s38.hosthorde.com:26181;CowCraft-Factions
mc.snowpvp.org;IP  mc.snowpvp.org
37.187.89.40;Adventure Kingdom
RedMoonFactions.mcph.co:31111;PezplaysMC
play.minigma.net;Minigma Network
play.destiny-realm.com;Destiny Realm
cw-mc.net;Capital World MC
play.desertedmc.com;DesertedMC
167.114.102.222:25934;HavocMC Network
167.114.101.146:25924;DP at 15player
EnhancedSMP.net;EnhancedSMP
craft-zone.org;Craft-Zone
enderbox.nitrous.it;EnderBox Factions
lilcraftmc.mcpro.co;lilCraftMC
158.85.102.107:37019;VeniceMC
176.9.22.4:25619;FabbyLand
88.150.171.138;System Overload
fierypyrocraft.mcph.co;PyroCraft
lemunzee.com;Lemunzee
mc.draconaefactions.net;DraconaeFactions
192.3.46.182;The Cake
minelabs.minecraft360.de;Minelabs 1vs1 und Mine
SkylessGames.joinmc.eu;SkylessGames
66.85.146.234:57917;The Future of the World
play.korecraft.us;Kore Craft
37.59.51.133:33784;CubeOfCraft
167.114.118.196:25666;WarWorld
198.15.69.38;MonsterWars
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
167.114.65.210:25828;ImpulseGaming
mc.failftw.info;MGGSurvival
fizznet.beastmc.com;FIzzNetwork
fivenightsatminigames.mcph.co;Crazy factions
192.99.47.179:25631;BraveWorld
162.244.165.41:32061;SpazzyCraft
mc-idiotcraft.cloudapp.net;IdiotCraft
ulmc.net:35515;EdMan25.nt
mc.darkonialands.eu;Darkonia Lands
198.24.162.98:62125;TheDiamondNetwork
legitraids.us;Legitraids
play.mcplatinum.net;Mcplatinum
ultimatekitpvp.mcph.co;Ultimate Kit PvP
Play.DivineChaosMC.com;Divine Chaos
192.99.105.72;KappaKappaKappa
FuzionNetwork.tk;fuzionnetwork/hub/opprison/creative
149.202.155.65:25902;GrktiloCraft
5.196.82.228:25812;Nether Star
46.228.200.43;Nationscraft (DE)
zombienetwork.mcph.eu:48598;ZombieNetwork
162.244.164.31:49360;Void-Space v.2
mc.PurecraftMC.com;KeyFactions
mc.geomecraft.com;Geomecraft
mc.rpgkingdoms.com:25566;Kingdoms of old
TBTOPlay.no-ip.org;TBTOPlay
167.114.159.136:25822;ChaosPvP
best-lands.redirectme.net;Best Lands
play.avalicecraft.com;AvaliceCraft
minekrapht.com;Galactic Giants
la-src2-131.serenityservers.net:25575;Simple Minecraft
play.funlandmc.net;FunlandMC Network
167.114.209.80:25593;MiksweezalCraft
mc.boomserver.hol.es;BoomCraft
192.99.150.117:25761;Region Network Factions
ImperialPvP.Tk:25574;ImperialPvp 
mc.regionnetwork.net;Region Network | Factions | 16gb ram
us.playopgods.net;OPGODS
OPGods.Zapto.Org;OPGODS
tranquility-network.ddns.net;Tranquility Network
bioniccraft.mcpro.co;BionicCraft
167.114.118.139:25606;KaosKraft
192.99.149.171:26033;BitStar
play.minigma.net;Minigma Network
mc.stoneland.es;StoneLand
play.wolvhaven.net;WolvHaven
162.244.165.101:43405;IlliumCraft
mc7.spillvert.no:26226;Population X
Loop.nitrado.net;Skypvp server
flaxcrafts.com;FlaxCraft
narutorpaa.mcpro.co;Naruto Roleplay Adventures PVP/RP
mc.duplet.lv;DupletS // Networks // Duplicate
MC-Factions.com;MCFactions
EnigmaCraft.tk;EnigmaCraft
mc.SeverePvP.org:26072;SeverePvP | Server Just Reset
mc.SeverePvP.org:26072;SeverePvP | Server Just Reset
Enigmacraft.tk;EnigmaCraft
mc15.fadehost.com:26265;CombatCraft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
5.255.85.217:26296;HardStackNetwork
158.69.24.128:25672;OPDrugRun
mc15.fadehost.com:26276;DoomsDayPVP
play.aerohype.net;AeroHype OP Prison
Play.AvanixPrison.net;AvanixPrison
minigames.mcph.co;LosPaquetones
217.198.136.86;GreekHell
play.soulcraft.es;SoulCraft Network
185.9.107.32;Medival-Survival-Server
finessefactions.mcalias.com;FinesseMC
mc.worldofpvp.fr;WorldOfPvP | Epicube
marscraft.net;MarsCraft.net
134.255.209.186;ToxicPvP.de
forestcraft.mcph.co;Forest Craft
suprememc.mcpro.co;RedZone Craft
149.202.66.178;Wizzacraft
167.114.89.109:29008;GingeCraft
167.114.118.18;This Server
mc.plotcity.net;Plotcity
mc.chickencraft.es;ChickenCraft
raidercraft.mcpro.co;Raidercraft
mc.septicpvp.com;SepticPvP
play.onyxfactions.com;Onyx
Play.TheAlliedNetworkMC.us;TheAlliedNetworkMC
5.9.73.71:25593;GeorgeCraft Prison
167.114.1.210:25576;Vortex
mc.pegaso-network.com;pegaso
meepcraft.com;meepcraft
mcpvp.com;McPvP
mc.keinett.us;keinett
alt-net.tk;Alternate
192.99.44.171:25970;KeyFactions
skyblock.co.kr;Angels Server
DesireCraft.no-ip.org;DesireCraft
niclaspinos.myserver.gs;Free /gamemode 1 FreeDomBuild
niclaspinos.myserver.gs;Free gamemode 1 and more
5.255.85.208:26311;DutchKingdomsCraft
192.99.18.164:26543;MC-Original
62.109.12.223;Trololo Inc.
CosmicWars.Net;Cosmic Wars
Play.townywars.net;Townywars
swingcraft.iminecraft.se;Swingcraft
176.9.32.238;YourGame Factions
treeplex.dmch.nl:25834;treeolex
158.69.167.25;TheFlame
play.weminecraft.com;WeMinecraft
192.99.47.179:25631;BraveWorld
extinctionpvp.us;Extinction Pvp 
Play.worldofcube.net;Worldofcube
198.24.163.114:34884;SimplicityMC
167.114.118.143:25618;KaBoomCraft
play.HighRez.net;HighRez
159.8.75.38:32412;Bone Craft
play.DeluxeFlame.com;DeluxeFlame
astrorealm.mcph.co;AstroRealm
play.HavenMc.com;HavenMC
quantumcraft.mc-srv.com;QuantumCraft
119.81.65.250;OptimiseMC
37.187.170.241:41785;free op
vvmc.tk:25894;Very Vanilla MC
5.29.110.190;PVPros
elitefaction.fluctis.com;Elitefaction
158.69.174.53:25566;OmegaPixels
e-net.kr:25002;MCCSOnline
217.163.22.128:10050;diacarf
5.255.85.208:26522;ColorBrothers
mc.hexymine.com;HexyMine
mc.hexymine.com;HexyMine
mc.hexymine.com;HexyMine
mc.hexymine.com;HexyMine
multimax.mc-server.net;Multimax
162.244.164.11:39612;Human Network
play.mineecho.net;MineEcho
Joyinferno.spartanhost.net;JoyInferno
149.202.139.215:35803;TheGhost
192.169.44.9:25994;RetroDucks PVP
minescape.hosthorde.net;MineScape
Hub.AquaFactions.Net;AquaNetwork
ChaoticEmpires.mcpro.co;ChaoticEmpires
203.33.121.23:25610;Frieds Iron PvP
vexalprison.net;VexalPrison
ElectroMc.Mcnode.net;ElectroMc
eu1.fulleffectservers.com:25927;Battle Coliseums
cubeline.mygs.co;CubeLine
transitamerica.co;Transit America
5.255.85.202:26470;RayquazaCraft
pvp.theaxonix.com;TheAxonix
159.8.141.198:60357;IndigoNetwork
doomsdaypvp.com;DoomsDayPvp
play.heroesmc.net;HeroesMC
icebergcraft.com;Iceberg Craft
Fanaticcraft.com;Fanatic Craft
198.154.120.214;Shanoosh Craft
167.114.101.146:25877;LegendMC
162.255.214.6:25567;VillianCraft
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;Eninjacraft
GrapplePvP.us.to;GrapplePvP Looking for Staff
chaosmc.us;Chaos Craft
178.63.18.151:25590;SwagCraft
retroducks.us.to:25994;RetroDucksPVP
Freedompvp.mcph.eu;FreedomPvP
dragoncraftnetwork.mcpro.co:62586;DragonCraft Network
mc.blippostudios.se;BlippoCraft 4
158.69.26.209:25599;Reunify 
mc15.fadehost.com:26304;InfecticraftPVP
198.24.162.98:25820;FastCraftPVP
mc.classifiedprison.com:25595;Classified Prison
skyarcade.ddns.net;Ultra Server
us.vulcan.network;Vulcan Networks
mc.solecraft.org;SoleCraft
s3.minespan.com:26089;VictoriCraft
Powercraft.me;Prison
play.mcfrostbite.net:25592;Frost Bite
play.bio;biocraft
mcbosses.mcpro.co;BossCraft
162.244.165.41:53455;MagicCookieCraft
mc.voxela.com;Voxela
158.69.226.7:25569;FrozenCraft
Play.Rapturemc.tk;Rapture
minecraft.krokaa.no;Kukka Family
greenphoenix.no-ip.org;The Green Phoenix
sg.mcserver.ws:25895;ShockingGames
OPBlocks.net;OPBlocks
miners-league.mcph.eu;Miners League
codycraft.mcpro.eu;CodyCraft
raidercraft.mcpro.co;Raidercraft
jdpedia.nard.ca;Decland
mc.FrossBlock.net:26012;TownyClassic | FrossBlock Network
Node57.Minecrafted.net:25677;DixieCraft 2.0 Prison Server
destructivepvp.strangled.net;Destructive PvP
107.167.93.147:25566;The Rainbow server
Play.ColossusMC.Com:26175;ColossusMC
isach.be;Canela Club
anuscraft.bounceme.net;AnusCraft
192.169.44.9:25994;RetroDucks KitPvp
107.6.178.219:25684;No Plug-Ins Games. admins needed
5.9.46.236:26088;DarkMass
planetcraftgames.com:25519; planetcraftgames.com
play.gearcraft.us;Gearcraft
noctem.us;Noctem HCF
167.114.101.57:25772;FishCraft
167.114.102.199:28038;GalacticMC
flamecraft.myserver.gs;Flame Craft
Play.CryptechRaids.Com;cryptechraids
mitch.mcserv.pro:26775;Color Craft
shadowcraftmc.no-ip.org;ShadowcraftMC
dedi.lotfmc.net;Legends of the Fall Minecraft Server
exanian.mcph.co;exanian
162.244.164.31:38015;messed up ninjas
192.99.21.121:28373;EpicCraft - Revival
198.27.80.166:27315;furgepvp
193.34.145.106;famigliacraft
play.agcn.co.uk;Absolution Gaming Tekkit Main 
YaizySkywars.joinmc.eu;YaizySkywars
5.255.85.201:26116;Mine Place Network
HUB.UltraMC.US;UltraNetwork
play.starshotel.nl;Skygames
smashpvp.co;Smashpvp
play.cyber-spider.com;CyberSpiderNetwork
nab.breakinblocks.com;Nuts and Bolts
play.pvplegion.com;PvpLegion
158.69.172.66;Electro Craft
hub.backslashm.co.uk;BackSlashCraft
185.56.136.44:27135;TheNorgeNerds Serveren
play.themcpixel.com;The MC Pixel
88.150.172.251;Boot Kick - Factions
188.122.88.131:29239;Ellenor
clutchpvp.mcpro.co;ClutchPVP
Connect.spaceinvater.com;SpaceInvaterNetwork
167.114.173.225:25681;MC Station
play.mc.coderedgaming.com.au;OblivionMC
mc.bredland.org;NightFreddy
play.planetmine.org;nihtfreddy
play.totalfreedom.me;NightFreddy
altnetwork.nl;Altnetwork
rage.beastmc.com;LuxCraft
play.gameglobemc.com;Game Globe
tekkit.oxidenetwork.com;Tekkit Legends Oxide Network
176.31.140.131;UDGaming
www.play-templarmc.net:25852;TemplarMC Factions Server
167.114.0.223:25577;ArcaneMC
178.32.225.102:27807;Mr.Hosting RICraft
dr.ddns.net:49990;DeityRealms
newdefendants.net;NewDefendants
chillingzz.no-ip.info;The Chillingzz Server
162.244.164.21:63164;LegendCraft
162.252.10.200:26846;ToxicNation
CreeperNetWorkReborn.mc-Srv.com:26255;CreeperNetWorkReborn
37.187.25.36:25818;EpixelCraft
play-likecraft.ru;LikeCraft
theofficial-icecraft-server.net:25624;Ice Craft
VictoryCraft.net;VictoryCraft.net
mc.light-vs-shadows.com;Light-Vs-Shadows
mc.comugamers.com;AventuraCraft
play.EternalMine.net;EternalMine
162.244.165.131:38781;PigLand SMP
mysticmight.net;MysticMight
play.wildwestminecraft.net;Wild West Minecraft
167.114.65.207:25930;Chalo Reborn
192.99.149.167:26167;Amazing Craft
104.36.85.4:26207;The Cube Survival
mc.darklairnetworks.net;DarkLairNetWork
play.thefantasycraft.com;The Fantasy Craft
43.245.163.25;KangaKits
blockpvp.net;Block PvP
AtlanticMines.com;AtlanticMines
37.187.154.69:28234;DeluxePvP
play.breakingmc.net;BreakingMC
play.johannuss.nl;ProjectFriends
5.196.81.52:25847;SafeHaven Non-PvP Survival
198.100.159.70;GarryCraft
LavacraftOp.mcph.co;LavacraftOp
pixuland.es;Pixuland
play.galacticfactions.net:25973;Galactic Factions
broccolionrye.mcph.co;Broccoli On Rye
mc.veritasgamingmc.com;158.69.54.165
play.kraftycraft.com;KraftyCraft
s38.hosthorde.com:26224;Clean-Prison
Play.ejmc.us;Emerald Jungle
play.hello-mc.com:25572;HelloCraft
venompvp.gamename.net;VenomPvP
192.99.19.187:25819;BlackOut
Pvp.Brawlfactions.org;BrawlFactions
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
McMineWolf.beastmc.com;McMineWolf
Anubiscraft.cubed.pro;AnubisCraft Network
scabbagecraft.ddns.net;ScabbageCraft
mc.lukenpr.com;GriffCraft
bossprisonmc.com;Boss Prison
167.114.103.186:36389;Tigger Craft
goldenwings.gamemc.nl;goldenwings
alltimegamers.uk;All Time gamers (ATG)
mc.pegaso-network.com;pegaso-network
Minecult.net;MineCult
s9.hosthorde.com:25844;Realm of Nemi
mc.teamshrimp.com;Team Shrimp Minecraft
198.24.166.242:63301;ExodusPVP
WorldstoneNetwork.net;Worldstone Network
192.95.30.63:27589;FactionMagic
69.175.54.90:65311;Kaskade 
skydestiny.mcpro.co;SkyDestiny
5.10.110.103:26302;INumeroCraft
mc.deadrespawn.es;DeadRespawn
2015pvp.us.to;2015 PvP
AzKhaCraft.verygames.net;AzKhaCraft
mc.comugamers.com;AventureCraft
play.mcshadowrealms.com;ShadowRealms
forum.titanmc.net;TitanMC Prison
198.27.69.147:27095;TheRebornCraft
192.95.29.73:27612;TheRebornCraft Vanilla
mc.trialbypvp.com;Trial By PvP
SkepMC.mcserver.ws;SkepMC
192.99.21.47:25756;NewHaven
play.volkgaming.com;VolkGaming
37.187.77.55:26124;SkyBolt
blue.gronheid.nl;2de-kingdom
GridPvP.com;GridPvP
185.28.189.198:25887;Kawaiii
aionmc.beastmc.com;AionMC
192.99.44.131:27461;SuperCraft
bantacraft.uk.to;BantaCraft brand new
fun.servermc.nl:26290;fun.servermc.nl
mc.superiorservers.co;Superior Factions
play.yakamoznetwork.com;YakamozNetwork
globalnation.us;GlobalNation
play.ragecraft.co;RageCraft
CanadianF.us.to;CanadianFactions
mcrage.us.to;McRage
rage-craft.us.to;Rage
SteeltonMC.com;SteeltonMC (Hard Semi-Vanilla Survival)
s7.hosthorde.com:26122;DreamPvP
play.mystiannetwork.com;CrazyRedServer
mc.darklairnetworks.net;Dark Lair Networks
InsurgentWars.com;InsurgentWars
Play.MCDiamond.Net;MCDiamond Network
158.85.69.136;CloudSurvival
minecraftpvp.com;ThePvMinecraft
RawrCraft.nitrous.it;Rawr Craft
mc.sociedadv.com;SociedadV
221.121.142.69:25568;PG PrimalGaming
103.231.91.66:25575;Noots Craft
mc.gamescraft.nl;GamesCraft
37.187.143.226:41993;Glory Craft
play.frontiernetwork.org;FrontierNetwork
107.128.249.132;ShadowCraft
cgcraft.mcpro.co;CGCraft      PvP Survival
windcraft.gamename.net;WindCraft
play.vexservers.net:25569;Vex Server
VanityPvP.com;VanityPvP 
niclaspinos.myserver.gs;FreeDomOp
niclaspinos.myserver.gs;Mineplex
176.31.203.49;flamingfurycraft
niclaspinos.myserver.gs.;sex server
harda.tournier.org:25575;Its a hARDA World
cybergaming.omgcraft.eu;CyberGaming
192.99.21.121;Woods Craft
62.210.100.242:25660;Dagger Rune Craft
futuredj.mcph.co:54456;FutureDJ
45.34.7.46;the crusade
mineflow.network;Mineflow PVP
voidpvp.us;Void PvP
162.244.165.101:54728;LastResortMC
167.114.117.155:25603;SkyOasis
198.24.172.62;youtuberaidz
elitecombat.fluctis.com;EliteCombat
80.108.216.113;Olis MC
xmc-pvp.com;XMC-PVP Towny
184.95.35.197;Plain Survival. Needs Staff
cloud-link.biz:25570;Z9ERS
play.mineopoly.org;Mineopoly
23.235.233.219;Opelitecraft
mc.biohazegaming.com;BiohazeGaming.com | Minecraft 24/7 (AUS)
185.38.148.48:25579;Craft-O-Holics
162.244.166.41:50505;BubbleNation
104.136.215.0;RPG Theory
mc.atomicpvp.co;Atomic PVP
novomc.net:25874;NovoMC
CanadianF.us.to;CaandianFaction
167.114.119.95:25587;ExoSurvival
playjnymc.no-ip.org;JNY MC
OrginalPvP.com;OrginalPvP
play.eagle-craft.net;EagleCraftEU
37.187.25.36:25777;HorizonMC
s22.minespan.com:25765;Teh Frinds Prison
fuzzyfactions.apexmc1.co:25689;FuzzyFactions
play.redbedrock.com;RedBedrock
198.154.120.211;TimeTravellers
Minecraftfacs.com;Minecraftfacs.com
geotime.eu;GeoTime
mc.callofcraft.es;Call Of Craft
xtnt.pl;xTNT.pl
nightprison.mcalias.com:26251;NightPrisonV2.0
85.14.239.52;RonnPiece-TheLordOfTheRings-Server
85.14.238.47;RonnPiece PokeCube Server
MCUltra.net;MCUltra
nightprison.mcalias.com:26251;NightPrison V.2 NeedStaff
167.114.101.57:25777;Equality Prison
37.187.137.104:29911;WolfCraft Need Staff 
robosoutpost.nitrous.it;Robos Outpost
s38.hosthorde.com:26239;Space Realms
geotime.eu;Geotime
s9.minespan.com:25577;ZedFactions
LandWars.com.br;vanillapvp
geotime.eu;GeoTime
bggames.craft.vg;BGGames
dragonpvp.webhop.net:35575;DragonPvP-Factions-Server
178.32.247.194;McNation
5.255.85.200:26190;SikkeCraft
37.187.141.62:28501;ForesterNetwork
ipvp.org;iPvP.org
71.162.199.217;TurtleCraft
199.187.127.138:25809;LudCraft
LudumMC.co;LudumCloud
192.99.21.121:28367;PinkCraft
ned.mcph.co:21;Never Ending Day
198.24.163.114;Mine-Adventure Amusement 
s19.minespan.com:26146;Ryft
play.mynqa.com;Mynqa Super Server
mc.explorers-league.net;Explorers League Vanilla
wolfpackuniverse.fadehost.com:27715;WolfPackUniverse
play.gamingcube.net;The Gaming Cube
mc.primetowny.com;Prime Towny
play.craftedpixelmc.com;Crafted Pixel MC Survival
74.124.13.43;FireBladeSurvival
188.212.100.153;SkylinePvP
192.99.149.167:26126;MysticalWithers
167.114.118.139:25710;KingsCraft
mc.poseidonpvp.com;PoseidonPVP
thzgame.tk;armcraft
OPBlocks.net;OPblocks
play.windingmon.com;Windingmon Official
craftamania.org;Craftamania
play.endurancenetwork.us;BluePlayz
POPOmania.mc-srv.com:26990;POPOmania
192.99.173.168;DauntlessNetwork
IceCraftMC.com;MetroCraft
192.99.173.168;DauntlessNetwork
192.99.173.168;DauntlessNetwork
geotime.eu;GeoTime
geotime.eu;GeoTime
Mineix.com;Mineix
play.mzgamerbros.com;MZGamerBros
mc.spsc.us;SpartanScape Factions
192.210.141.141:25665;Faction Forest
mc.spsc.us;SpartanScape Factions
mc.spsc.us;SpartanScape Factions
mc.spsc.us;SpartanScape Factions
198.50.215.104;Holy KitPvP
Slime.gamename.net;SlimeForged
216.126.195.58:25570;Choclate-Clan
mc.creeperbyte.net;CreeperByte
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
p.mcfantazy.com:10308;mcfantazy
therandomdimension.com;The Random Dimension
play.xisumavoid.com;Xisumavoid Server
162.252.10.223:26628;Epsilon
Play.IceCraft.us.to;IceCraft
LDOfficialServer.mooo.com;Legendary Dungeonring Offical Server
Play.skylinepvp.us;Skylinepvp
deltra.mymc.io;Deltra Core Network
mc.alttd.com;Altitude Community
a1.WinkHG.com.br;WinkHG
moderncraft.no-ip.org;ModernCraft Staff Needed
149.126.83.45;ModernCraft Staff Needed
potatopower.ddns.net;Potato Power
mc.quarkcraft.net;survival dub
mc.DarkEclipse.net;Dark Eclispe
108.170.6.138:30161;BlackWidowGaming
athena-craft.mcph.co;Athena-Craft
play.digitallynetwork.net;Digitally Network
mc.exteriagames.net;Exteria Games
167.114.156.192:25596;Kolo
spaulcraft.nitrado.net;SpaulCraft.nitrado.net
162.223.9.163:25586;SkyPixel
s37.hosthorde.com:25962;RubyCRaft
SkullVillage.mcpro.co;SkullVillage
mp.playsrv.nl:25625;Marcos Place
doublecraft.mygs.co:40705;doublecraft
s20.minespan.com:25965;KryogenticPVP
158.69.55.223:25616;Chaos Prison
play.wildprisonmc.com;WildMC OP Prison & Towny & Factions
s28.hosthorde.com:25953;InductionCraft
XTremeMC.myserver.gs:41993;XTremeMC
76.72.172.165:25722;Shadoom Network
167.114.103.189:25846;KozGames
Minecraft.JabeNation.com;JabeNation PvP/Faction
mc.dawnrpg.net;DAWN
play.libertygaming.xyz;Liberty Gaming
jrfactions.fadehost.com;JRFactions
purelegion.no-ip.org;PureLegion
SlurpPVP.us.to;SlurpPVP
158.69.26.30:25702;Prime Realm
play.mcarcane.net;Arcane Network
119.252.189.29:25611;MineandCraft
198.143.146.251:26233;Nightmares Server
mccitycraft.com;CityCraft
91.154.114.203;UrabnMrTrollface steam server
vanitypvp.uk;VanityPvP
razorraidingpvp.hosthorde.net;RazorCraft
dream-mc.net;Dream-Mc
mc.abyssal.co.uk;Abyssal
blitzkingdom.net;Blitzkingdom
198.55.108.135:25594;Stoneage Factions Staff Needed
198.12.116.219:25765;Colony Craft
98.237.202.218;The BOOMBA Server 
play.PxLCreative.uk;PxLCreative
rapusatama.net;RapuSatama
minecraft.thunderwave.co.uk;Thunder Gaming
play.2deep.net;2Deep
play.zyromc.us:25582;ZyroMC
162.223.9.243;UnkownGalaxyMC      Kingdoms
PixelCraftMc.minecraft.to;PixelCraftMc
73.13.225.28:25578;FireballPVP
73.13.225.28:25578;FireballPVP
69.112.224.177;SixxCraft
novomc.mcserver.ws:25874;NovoMC
novomc.mcserver.ws:25874;NovoMC
novomc.mcserver.ws:25874;NovoMC
novomc.mcserver.ws:25874;NovoMC
apocalypsefactions.hosthorde.net:25974;apocalypsefactions
agare.net;Agare
play.splashmc.de;SplashMC.de
mc.terra-novo.de;MinecraftlerHD
s.epi-craft.com;CentrixNetwork
95.141.32.150:60115;EpicraftPlus
asgmine.game.nfoservers.com;Aftershock Gaming 
77.250.26.18;Ravendreams 
198.154.111.230;Captain Craft
Deadrealm.beastmc.com;Deadrealm Factions
198.15.107.188;MevCraft
198.15.107.188;MevCraft
108.170.23.100;ExoticFactions
185.28.188.174:47783;HexzCraft
boommc.fadehost.com;BoomMC
Thelizards.gamename.net;The Lizards
mc.burningbirch.com;Burning Birch
eninjacraft.mcalias.com;Eninjacraft
s14.minespan.com:25832;Multiversal Gamers
MC.Abyssal.co.uk;MC.Abyssal.co.uk
GlacierMC.com;GlacierMC
mc.team-neo.com;Team-NeO
play.superiorcraftmc.com;SuperiorMC
mine.edge-gamers.com;Need Admins/Devs New server
151.80.78.212:28326;tomppacraft
aussiepvp.factions.ws;AussiePvP
mc.particlecraft.com;ParticleCraft
spark.thedestinymc.com;thedestinymc
NovumCraft.apexmc.co;AidenPlayzMC
ChromeDiamondMC.net;ChromeDiamondMC | Survival
cookierun.co.kr;cookierun
198.24.175.34:56571;Warriors Dimenions
play.vanillasurvival.com;Vanilla Survival
play.merlionmc.net;MerlionMC
s21.minespan.com:25846;Ticket to Building
play.PixelFusion-mc.com;PixelFusion
ChromeDiamondMC.net;ChromeDiamondMC
play.nationsmc.org;nations
ophorizon.com;OPHorizon
aussiepvp.factions.ws;AussiePvP
anotherminecraftserver.us.to;Another Minecraft Server
193.111.140.129:29580;SNGcraft
boxygamez.mcpro.eu;Boxxiecity
mc.thejonsey.com;The_Jonsey
184.154.104.50:44449;BlazeCraft
Play.mcblackcraft.net;MCBlackcraft
ohminegod.omgcraft.fr;OMG CRAFT
s18.minespan.com:26079;Renegade.mc
SKVWorld.com;SKVWorld Skyblock - custom skyblock
play.atomicpixelmon.com;AtomicPixelmon
65.60.15.94;Ango Prison
37.187.167.191:40805;FreakPvP
158.69.55.223:25575;SurviveCraft
Play.HillTreeNetwork.com;HillTreeNetwork
mc.azulw.com;Infinity
Play.Totalnetwork.co;TotalNetwork
AndrewwwCraft.net;AndrewwwCraft
s9.minespan.com:26003;SpacePvP
pvp.veroxus.com;VeroxusPvP
opticmc.net;OpticMC
TheStaticNetwork.mcph.co;TheStaticNetwork
167.114.156.192:25595;CMCS
Mc.MineWhat.es;MineWhat Network
184.95.36.178:34240;SoulPrison
108.60.194.36;Stars
184.154.185.235;Voids Focus
rmcsurvival.darktech.org;RMCServers
warriorcraft.tk;Warriorcraft
tasa.hopto.org:26085;TASA
play.ayvo.net;Ayvo
piecentral.net;Piecentral
76.72.172.232:25700;GlobalEngineering
war.mcserver.ws;Cosmic War
NotoriousGG.com;NotoriousGG
162.244.167.71:39972;ExtremeCraft
LegitRaid.tk;LegitRaid
seventhedge.mcserver.ws;SeventhEdge
darkauramc.mcph.co;DarkAuraMC
play.thefrozen.cf;TheFrozenCastle
darkauramc.mcph.co;DAMC
101.164.231.189;800BC
149.202.66.74:25598;TnT Network
swemc.mcph.co;Swe-Mc Need Staff
158.69.152.176;LightningFactions
AzperServer.Tk;AzperServer
AriesLife.de;AriesLife
goldenscraft.mchost.no;goldenscraft
play.frenzyfactions.net;FrenzyFactions
play.thronecraft.xyz;Thronecraft
192.99.36.201:26583;AssassiansPVP
184.154.181.189;StigmasPrison
play.saicopvp.com;saicopvp
play.apotheosiscraft.com;ApotheosisCraft
play.heroesmc.net;HeroesMC
192.99.201.217:25718;GowenGames
zcraft.me;ZCraft
mc.harmfulpvp.us;Harmful Factions
growcraft.mcjoin.eu:26090;GrowCraft
198.27.69.147:27414;Apocalypse Craft
5.196.82.228:25950;mc.caalul.net
184.95.35.194:52703;Mystic Lands RPG
184.95.35.194:52703;Kingdom Rp
Fizznet.beastmc.com;FizznetSkyblock
peekewee.dyndns.org;SmessieCraft
mc.sodaia.com;SodaiaCraft
thethundercity.net;Thunder City
OP.dream-mc.net;Free-OP/ all-OP server
play.crystalspires-mc.com;Crystal Spires
192.99.150.117:25774;Liamyo56Craft 
198.24.162.106:63054;Derpshire
172.88.166.157:25595;StreamlessParadise
PanPany.Com;PanPany
evemc.hosthorde.net;EveMC
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
OblivionCraft.mcs4.me:26857;OblivionCraft
play.castlezpvp.com;Castlez Pvp
198.24.171.42;Eleusium
Godzzcraft.mcph.co;Godzzcraft
ostrichspace.mcph.co;OstrichSpace
yeahwh.at;YEAHWH.AT
paranormal-raids.ggserv.co;Paranormal-Raids
16bitmmorpg.mcalias.com;16 Bit MMorpg
siblingrivalrymc.ddns.net;SiblingCraft
minecraft.ponnwitz.com:25566;ThePonnz Survival/PVP Server
s3.hosthorde.com:26126;MagikCraft
TheTrialsmc.us;TheTrialsmc
s9.minespan.com:26003;SpaceRealms(SpacePvP)
167.114.101.146:25911;BowlerCraft
party.realmcraft.com.br;RealmParty
pixelel.mcserver.ws;Pixelel
arcadepixel.mcph.co;ArcadePixel
43.245.163.40;D&M Survival
bakobgaming.mymc.io;BakobGaming Server
FireBlock.myserver.gs;FireBlockServer
minecraft.ndz.no;Nidaros Minecraft
play.impulsivecraft.net;ImpulsiveCraft Factions
192.99.47.48:27830;CerberusCraft
5.255.85.211;DarknessKingdoms
fale.mcnode.net;Fale - Factions
teamtech.crafted.pro;TeamTech
37.187.154.73:25588;Ritch Resort
s18.minespan.com:26265;DarkFactions
Bigcraft.serv.nu:40159;BigCraft
siamgameminecraft.co.uk;siam895
GolddenGoat.crafted.pro;GolddenGoat
SpacePrison.org;DutchTubers
167.114.165.191;SimpleSurvival
pvp.originmc.org;origins
outsidetheblock.xyz;OutsideTheBlock.xyz
RaidPvP.me;RaidPvP
mc.herobrineshosting.com:35789;Adamite Pvp
atlantisworld.ddns.net;Atlantis World
s20.minespan.com:25803;Awesome server
s20.minespan.com:25803;Kitpvp server
promethiumpvp.net;Promethium PvP
51.254.181.129;Ryzoft || Factions || Staff || 24/7
jogar.ignicraft.com;Igni Craft
192.3.110.95;Shadowscraft
192.99.18.177:26220;Khul Darul
PhantomsMC.ddns.net;PhantomNetworkMC
s21.hosthorde.com:25966;Realliance
craftyourface.beastmc.com;KraftVille
bugsbunny.inc.mcserver.ws;Bugsbunny.inc
104.128.52.163:26229;Percy Jackson Craft
192.99.0.143:27207;terrestera
eu.venixmc.net;VenixMC Network
play.infinicraft.us;InfiniCraft
158.69.152.181;ChainzPvP
entropy.nitrous.it;Entropy.Factions
infinitymc.com;InfinityMC Network
192.99.150.117:25654;Evokat Survival Server
s15.minespan.com:26080;Grief this server
162.223.9.171;PixelPVP - Kd - Levels - 24/7
162.245.0.7;Reno Survival
squidowners.mcph.eu;Squid Owners
holoprison.fadehost.com;HoloNetwork - SuperOPPrison
108.170.17.74:64898;Pixel Shard
Mountdew.mcpro.co;MountDew
play.vanillarealm.org;VanillaRealm
svagepixls.mcph.co;Savage Pixels
mc.ImperiumPopuli.net;Imperium Populi
99.247.48.20;Mushroom Minecraft
play.havenz.org;HavenZ
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
thebreaduniverse.mcph.co;The Bread Universe
Bigcraft.serv.nu;BigCraft
mc4.minejoin.com:26181;RaidCraft
play.blackflagmc.net;Black Flag Factions - Custom Factions
acedprison.mcph.co;Aced Prison
mc.minemu.es;Minemu
Play.SkyMod.net;SkyMod
92.222.235.145:28065;SaajsterxPro Faction Server
thetrialsmc.us;TheTrialsMC
216.186.241.70;Parker
mc.shadowsurvival.org;Shadow Survival
69.175.56.154;WarriorCraft
HungerKits.beastmc.com;HungerKits - HungerGames Inside KitPvp
45.16.252.207;Omg Iternational Server
Dragonminer.serverminer.com:26373;Dragonminer
play.droidcraft.info;DroidCraft
103.231.91.71;Wolf Craft
play.SaiCoPvP.com;SicoPvp
play.monkeytown.khplay.nl;MonkeyTown
Angelic.us.to;AngelicPvP
prozacraft.com;Prozacraft
rainstorm.crystal-serv.com:25705;RainStorm
konohapvp.desirehost.net;KonohaCraft
148.251.53.17:25829;NutelaPvP
OcelotRealm.net;OcelotRealm
mc.play-mclords.com;McLords Network
malcolmcraft.serveminecraft.net;Malcolm Craft
play.seriousfactions.net;SeriousFactions
play.itc-mc.com;ITC MC
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
lhloyalty.spartanhost.net;Lighthearted Loyalty
mc.juelcraft.com;JuelCraft
198.27.125.45;Casual Craft
play.unitygamersmc.com;Unity Gamers
173.175.34.151;Friends With Benefits
LemonJoey.asuscomm.com;OpheliaCraft
159.203.249.237:36676;The Herd
192.99.19.54:30060;DirectCraft
192.99.19.54:30060;DirectCraft
96.8.116.119:25613;MLG Fortress
193.111.140.210:26469;MineTopia
s36.hosthorde.com:26080;AnonymousLegion
188.165.239.52:25712;AttitudeMC Factions A unique experience
mc.skycraft.tv;SkyCraft
151.80.78.209:30683;Cyber Saint Kingdom
158.69.167.24;Eccentric PVP
167.114.159.141:25681;AquaCraft
halcyonminecraft.net;Halcyon-Minecraft
208.107.190.130;Assassins Creed Roleplay
oblicraft.cf;ObliCraft
185.28.189.138:60883;Geochino
umbrag.game.nfoservers.com;Mortran
Godcraft.nitrous.it;Godcraft
142.4.199.133;FallingShadows - Towny
FreeKGaming.fmc.pw;FreeK Gaming Netowk
mcexotech.mymc.io;Exotech
mc.xenarch.net;Xenarch Network
167.114.103.189:25848;Wolfe Craft
148.251.53.17:25893;AtomicFactions
shadowfaction.beastmc.com;The Shadow Faction
play.revivedpvp.eu:29497;RevivedPvP
Narilanacraft.ddns.net;NarilanaCraft
mc.reflex-network.com;Reflex-Network
mc.ardamecraft.ch;Ardamecraft
HypeCraftMC.mcnode.net;HypeCraftMC
mc.pureconomy.org;Pureconomy
188.165.237.206:25569;CudnaSuma
192.99.19.54:30060;DirectCraft
167.114.102.146:25630;Anarchy Revolution
mc.freeprison.net;Free Network
mc.playcactuscraft.com;CactusCraft Universal
mcspidernetwork.com;Spider Network
SkyblockUniverse.space;Skyblock Universe
mc.exterva.com;Exterva
play.ahricraft.com;Ahricraft
87.106.34.8;ChaosKeller Minigame Netzwerk
pvpitup.beastmc.com;PvPit up
99.198.98.72;NubEmpire
mc.serb-craft.com;Serb-Craft
ReadyToGame.dmch.nl:25716;ReadyToGame
80.82.209.146:26673;MineTopia server IP
play.minebreizh.fr:12836;Mine Breizh
op.crib.city;craftmor server
play.robinmc.com;RobinMC Network
motiongames.mcph.co;Motion-Games
93.123.18.30;PhanaticPvP
188.126.223.134:25578;Minecraft Invasion
167.114.9.8;MC-Elemental Prison Server
jrcraft.serverminer.com;JRCraft
ffx95.no-ip.info;Dark Semi-vanilla Survival
69.175.55.173;McSurvivorcraft
mineatron.net;Mineatron Reopen on July 1st 2016
pyrexmc.cr.rs;PyrexMC
185.16.84.28:25665;4Eternity
185.38.148.34:25589;ElectrocFaction
134.255.218.107;Ballistic PvP
pvp.psmc.ca;Synergy
192.99.44.2:25881;ToxicStorm
mc.vyperzcraft.com:25865;VyperzCraft Server
s21.minespan.com:25684;HenderCraft MC
216.172.108.114;HackerCraft
Mineshake.org:25503;MineShake || Network
MC.xPlayServer.se;xPlay
minetopia.mcsrv.nl;Minetopia Network
firecraft.serv.nu;FireCraft
realm.twinblaze.net;TwinBlaze Realm
play.lemoncloud.org;LemonCloud
play.mythicpvp.xyz;MythicPvP
DinoFaction.mcalias.com:25805;DinoFaction
mc.dreamcraft56.net;DreamCraft
5.62.126.74:10600;TuranCraft
liquidmc.fluctis.com:25613;LiquidMC
playmg.servegame.com;MineGrid
play.deliriousnetwork.com;Delirious Network
159.8.75.36:58134;UnLimeOn
104.219.4.252;Anubis
play.op-prison.eu;OP-PRISOn
Play.HazyCraft.com;Hazy Craft
144.76.31.41:25618;MasivCraft
5.255.85.214:25970;drycraft-Factions
178.32.165.234;StarGames
203.33.121.17:25580;Looking for a good name
pvpitup.beastmc.com;PvPitup
Dancraft.myserver.gs;Dancraft
s11.minespan.com:25843;StickCraft 
s11.minespan.com:25843;StickCraft 
192.99.150.117:25840;ExoticFactions
RockBoy.minecraft360.de;RockBoy-Server
s14.minespan.com:26332;QuickTNT
159.8.75.37:51299;PenguinCraft
185.38.148.34:25589;ElectroFacs
178.32.57.208:25566;KhamelionPvP
s6.minespan.com:25878;Nemesis Network
167.114.116.145:25827;Mine Haven
yellowartz.tk;YellowArtz
167.114.100.168:25596;AgarthaSurvival
Play.honorablepvp.com;HonorablePVP
BeezHiveMC.beastmc.com;BeezHiveMC
Kdfactions.mc-srv.com;KDFactions
mg.cristalix.net;Cristalix
play.maladan.strangled.net;AMLV Network
immortalplay.com;Immortal PvP
Mcgrimscraft.ddns.net;McGrimsCraft
167.114.4.204:27751;HolmitCraft
play.Mythcraftpvp.com;play.Mythcraftpvp.com
extinctionpvp.us;Extinction PVP
cynicalpvp.net:28484;insane-op-factions-rankup
mc.mcshadowlands.com;ShadowLands
198.50.254.76;ConceitedMC
graveyardgaming.mcpro.co;Graveyard Gaming
blazepvp.dynu.net;BlazePVP 
play.yesgamers.eu;YesGamers
69.175.54.90:27944;NerdCraft10156
185.38.148.34:25589;ElectroFacs
185.28.189.198:25926;ChromaCrewModded
gakill.mcph.co;Ga Kill
Voidcraft.dmch.nl;Voidcraft
forgottendiamonds.fadehost.com:26614;ForgottenDiamonds
criticalcraft.tk;Criticalcraft
play.fastfactions.com;FastFactions
fireballpvp.tk:25578;FireBallPvp
s16.minespan.com:26239;Fulius
totalprison.net;Total Prison
funmc.net;FunMC
121.6.187.38;New Mc Server Pinky Dolly MC
167.114.117.231:26468;HellaFlush
192.99.181.126;Baccakraft
121.6.187.38;Pinky Dolly MC Faction
play.MoltenPvP.com;MoltenPvP
s6.minespan.com:25878;Nemisis Network
27.254.60.95;LootZ New world Join Now
bencraft.serverminer.com:26286;OblivionPvP KitPvP
167.114.116.136:25845;DailyMiner|Needs Little Staff
185.38.148.34:25589;Electro Factions
104.243.36.118;GodCraft Creative
192.99.127.241;Testealo
167.114.100.168:43779;LunarCraft
india.kaashosting.nl:26583;MineTopia
mc.i-craft.org;I-Craft
play.ryseprison.com;Ryse Prison
frizell.lcmc.pro;Frizell
supremium.factions.ws:25904;Supremium Factions
s.gamequestmc.com;SurvivalQuest
s39.hosthorde.com:26170;Fusion Central
mc.brandnetz.com;Brandnetz - Der Wirtschaftsserver
Fizznet.beastmc.com;fizzNet
play.mythicpvp.xyz;MythicPvP
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
151.80.78.221;Craftparadice
crazygamer.cubed.pro;crazygamer
103.18.42.16;NSWCorps
64.31.53.168:25729;EternalSky
wogrinding.nitrous.it:25614;World of Grinding
play.pixelmonadventures.com;Pixelmon Adventures
liquidmc.fluctis.com:25613;LiquidMC 
luca.me.uk;Morphs FreeForAll
mc.fearpvp.com;FearPvP.com
bedwars.network;bedwars.network
mc.opblock.net;OpBlock
185.114.156.249:26866;Jizzle-Gaming-Server
mysticbattle.mc-srv.com;Mystic PvP
lanecraft.mcpro.co;lanecraft
play.mcadventuretime.com;MCAdventureTime
185.38.148.34:25589;Electro Factions
celestialtowny.com;Celestial
mi.mcpro.co:52620;MineIsland
play.hazard-mc.net;HazardMC
volatilemc.arkanhost.in;VolatileMC
167.114.117.231:26468;HellaFlush
ipvp.org;ipvp.org
149.202.64.7;LabyrinthPvP
198.24.169.67;Shadi Craft
blocksuniverse.mcph.co:55857;Blocksuniverse
lockedupprison.mcph.co;LockedUpPrison
play.theoremc.com;TheOre
mc.underminepvp.com;UnderminePVP
167.114.167.65:25617;IronHeadPvP
23.95.53.17;Chaos-Craft
GodofwarCraft.serv.nu:41093;God_of_warCraft
dempixels.xyz;DemPixels
mc.rebelglow.net;RebelGlow
usmc-games.mcph.co;USMC
play.minescape.org;Minescape
play.lava-craft.net;Lavacraft
monman11.com;MonHub
5.255.85.197:26556;MarcieMolenaarje Server
mc.pcgamingforum.org;PC Gaming Forum
37.228.137.215;Herzcity All in One Gameserver
arkstal.co.uk;Arkstal Network
srf.space;SolarRising Factions
HeroArena.dmch.nl:25737;Hero Arena
ragecraftmc.us.to;RageMC
69.175.36.246;SlimeCrfatNetwork
play.cubefarmmc.com:25569;CubeFarm
fafaces.com;Fa Faces
maniagames.mcph.co;ManiaGames
217.79.182.87:27958;BlazeCore
SkyMod.net;SkyMod Factions
85.114.128.78:26419;ZalpexPvP
CrackPvP.mcph.co;CrackCraft
mysticbattle.mc-srv.com;Mystic PvP
dotr.g.akliz.net;Dawn of the Ring Minecraft
mc.solodavivere.it;SoloDaVivere
94.23.153.64:25809;MysticFactionz
64.modernkingdom.net;ModernKingdoms
s38.hosthorde.com:26239;Space Realms
vanexus.ga;Vanexus
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
minecrime.net;MineCrime
mc-prison.com;MC Prison
server.mineswordhk.com:34591;MineSword Server
zero.minr.org;Zero.minr.org
destinyonline.serveminecraft.net;Destiny Online
5.255.85.217:26299;HetSmaragdWortel
CraftKuh.mooo.com;CraftKuh
play.assaultmc.es;AssaultMC Network
minekingdom.dmch.nl;MineKingdom
Minegrass.apexmc.co;MineGrass Factions
play.mathewberry.com;Beacon Economy
5.196.81.52:25873;9V
delaronpvp.mcph.co;DelaronPVP
play.digitallynetwork.net;Digitally Network
papergamesentertainment.ddns.net;papergamesentertainment
162.213.42.184:25896;Mango Realms
play.thecrewmc.net;TheCrew MC  Join for Factions
FreyedNet.work;Freyed Network
158.85.69.137:40254;Straw Hat Pirates
lordgameservers.asuscomm.com;Friendly Fun Build Server Active Admins
RizzelCraft.g-s.nu;RizzelCraft
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
66.85.165.165;Minevark
216.126.195.58:25566;GoolanCraft
5.10.110.102:55311;Mining Fun/Farming Fun
auroramc.asuscomm.com;Aurora
survivalmc.org;SurvivalMC
pvpworld.tk;Mentality Factions
37.59.42.83:25600;MHQUEBEC
149.202.66.178:25572;ZybezMC Prison
198.27.125.57;HDK PvP
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
162.244.165.139;Boomer Sooner Land Run 3
ducknet.mcph.co;ducknetwork
squoidle.beastmc.com;Pickemon
mazeworld.mcph.co;MazeWorld
play.baums-craft.net;Baums Craft
37.187.159.40:28480;Minezorg
mdrnetwork.mcs4.me:26358;MDR Network
epicgun.mcph.co;EpicGun
192.99.24.133;DuckDom
mc4.spillvert.no:25879;Survival Norway
GS38.swifthosting.dk:25566;Super_DK
play.fortflare.com;FortFlare
play.fortflare.com;FortFlare
ghostuniverse.mcpro.eu;Ghost Universe
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.fortflare.com;FortFlare
85.25.237.10:25551;GATES
play.insane-raids.net;Insane Raids
37.187.175.190:32021;NuclearFac
play.destiny-realm.com;Destiny-Realm
samejcraft.mcpro.co;SameJCraft
162.245.0.66;DawnCraft
192.99.20.44:25997;Emerald Network - Factions
thearcademc.com:11111;TheArcade
play.crinix.net;Crinix Network
167.114.174.89:25592;Survive This
dx11.lwlshow.com;Red-Tower
167.114.173.114;The French Toast Republic
play.aricraft.net;AriCraft Network
192.99.44.125:27681;YodoCraft
huvada.mcpro.co;Huvada
server.opcraftmc.com;OP Craft
5.255.85.214:26339;UltimateFactions
mc.creepycraft.nl;CreepyCraftNL
Badcraft.tk;BadCraft
192.99.21.111:25712;World OF PvP
supasurvival.mcpro.co;Supa Survival
play.revivedpvp.eu;RevivedPvP
s3.hosthorde.com:26195;FastCraft
kdpvp.mc-srv.com;KDPvP
104.37.29.2;Imperial Craft
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
play.rebelage.org;RebelAge
mc-tntcraft.ijs.si;TNTCRAFT
ChewCraft.mcpro.co;ChewCraft
play.mc.coderedgaming.com.au;OblivionMC
94.101.38.59;Hinz und Kunz
mcau.org;MCAU
ShadowLegacy.net;Shadow Legacy
gravitypvp.serverminer.com:26443;GravityPvP
s5.hosthorde.com:26188;Creeper Empire
167.114.173.225:25678;Variations Ultra MC
play.yourgames.tv;DirectHit
Play.Zuthius.com;Zuthius
mc.freedomunited.net;Freedom United
128.65.216.248;Owp FTB Infinity Evolved Expert Mode
167.114.1.218:26154;EvolvedHumanity
mysticbattle.mc-srv.com:26031;Mystic PvP
GravityPvP.serverminer.com;GravityPvP
s19.hosthorde.com:26113;CubicRealms.us
149.202.79.106:25632;OPG4MERS
deviliakingdom.mcph.co;DeviliaKingdom
hub.kibcraft.com;KIBCraft
play.impactv2.net;Impact v2
88.150.171.60;OlaKMmc
88.150.171.60;OlaKMmc
190.128.163.54:25566;Join This IP Instead-198.24.179.123
party.realmcraft.com.br:53918;flickernz
198.24.167.194:29309;BarakatsManor
vanillin.ddns.net;Vanillin - Vanilla with a kick
37.59.8.114:18573;LifePvP
178.32.188.75;Carbon.Minecraft-Romania.Ro
play.mycelium-network.nl;Mycelium-Network Minetopia
NarchCraft.mcplay.nl;NarchCraft
134.255.232.240;Endergrow Server International
93.123.18.18;RazerPlay
149.202.74.145;PugCraft - Factions
VoltCraft.nitrous.it;VoltCraftSMP
98.121.196.109;WeatherCraft
37.187.25.36:25839;A Server Unknown Name
85.236.102.4:25765;Cybercrafter 
play.thefunland.de;TheFunLand Netzwerk
185.38.148.43:25581;DeoCraft
mc.minevast.net;MV-2
62.141.42.133:28214;Dema & DuTcH Kingdom Server
topia.mcplay.nl;Minetopia
frigidfactions.beastmc.com;Frigid
RektCraft.mygs.co;RektCraft
23.94.159.80;Join This IP Instead-198.24.179.123
192.99.116.208;RetroMC | Minigames
37.228.137.236;Join This IP Instead-198.24.179.123
play.kdmcnet.com;KDFactions
scarcraft.beastmc.com;ScarCraft 
mc.lutionuniverse.it;LutionCraft
mineaddict.org;Mine Addict
soaringmc.com:25788;Soaring High Mc
mc.puresurvival.xyz;PureSurvival
tsp.williamsemail.us;RainbowCraft
208.117.11.226:27115;WingCraft
162.244.167.21:62618;GCUniverse
158.69.172.81;BruhCraft
mc.ratio.lv;beast
mcxenix.us.to:25576;MCXenix
mc.mineproject.fr;Mineproject
skyshock.net;SkyShock Networks
playzero.fluctis.com:26061;Play Zero
192.99.5.198:27281;Team Cyclones
198.24.169.67;Shadi Craft
192.99.19.54:30060;DirectCraft
scarcraft.beastmc.com;ScarCraftMc
TheMatrixMC.shockbyte.com;TheMatrixMC
playdittocraft.mcph.co;DittoCraft
mossyempire.mcph.co;MossyEmpire
tmtech01.asuscomm.com;SurvivalMc
radiancemc.mcph.co;Radiance
158.85.69.135:36770;CCCraft Facs
192.99.0.40:25682;RiptideFacs
play.kenig-craft.ru;Kenig Craft
192.99.44.71:27673;SeoCraft
mc.blackpulse.us;Blackpulse.us
skywars.serv.nu;skywars
167.114.156.212:25798;DCprison
188.212.101.199;Arcade.EvolutionCraft.Ro
185.82.23.106;Nexus.Minecraft-Romania.Ro
108.170.45.66:25605;KIMPVP
mc.litecloud.me;MCMCraft
scoutcraft.sytes.net;ScoutCraft
198.251.85.64;TitaniumLegends
mc.LegEmp.com;Legends Empire
skywars.serv.nu;skywars
mineblub.com;Mineblub
s20.minespan.com:26124;PandaCraft
184.154.29.87;Need-Mods-Admins
xinabox.us;xinabox
198.100.146.228:25706;PlotCity
minesugar.mcph.co:48500;MineSugar
142.4.192.198;Desolate Lands RPG
play.minefusion.com;MineFusion
slayersnetwork.win;slayersnetwork.win
SuperPowers.sytes.net;SuperPowersServer
jurgenaround.mcph.co;Jurgen Around
119.252.189.29:27608;Aus-Mc
broken.factions.ws:25582;Broken Worlds
goldencommunity.playsrv.nl;GoldenCommunity
92.222.113.220;Navverik
imbaserver.no-ip.org;ImbaServer|ChineseServer|Malaysia
mc.BermudaCraft.net;BermudaCraft Factions
s17.minespan.com:26364;FeatherRealms
5.255.85.201:26044;FeatherCraft
play.titansraid.com;TitansRaid
87.98.241.203:25566;Keiko KITPVP
pandora.sytes.net;Pandora
smashcraft.nitrous.it;Smashcraft Skyblock
squarecraft.zapto.org:28829;Squarecraft
play.nitroxmc.net;NitroxMC
PixelUnity.net;PixelUnity
server.xn--mar-2na.com;The Survival
PotatoVerse.mcserver.ws;MCWarside
play.thevergemc.net;The Verge
islandcraft.us.to;Island Craft
192.99.142.216;OreMinecraft
mc.lightningxp.net;LightningXP Survival
redmoonpvp.mcph.co;RedMoon Factions 
play.dauntlessmc.co;DauntlessMC
185.28.188.163:57627;Realm Of Theramir
frigidfactions.beastmc.com;Frigid Factions
192.99.44.171:25912;AuraPVP
mineplex.com:25573;Arclight Server
play.thekeepsmp.com;TheKeepSMP - play.thekeepsmp.com
37.187.154.73:25776;ShockwaveFactions
185.52.53.207;BloodBrothers Inc Sky Factory 2
hkphcraft.mcph.co;HKPHCraft
craftmc.eu;CraftMc
VoidCraft.dmch.nl;VoidCraft
mad-gamble.net;DeCoole
play.skylarkmc.net;SkylarkMC Network
warcraftmc.com:25650;WarCraft
37.187.139.123:28401;ArchRaiders
adventurecraft.apexmc1.co;Adventure Craft Factions
mc.kasaicraft.com;KasaiCraft
37.187.134.198:28744;Skycrafters
108.170.23.239;BlackDragonHardMode Revenge of the CTeam
Mc.aliacraft.net;Beast
stars.hosthorde.net:26402;StarsPvP
redskycraft.mcraft.pro:26695;RedSkyCraft
play.abyssal.co.uk;Abyssal
nevem.mcserver.ws;neVem
192.99.19.190:26002;Interlaced Servers
mc.otharin.eu;Otharin
167.114.118.218:25688;Dragon Ball Adventures
198.24.174.100;JUDLY
shank-tank.net;The Shank Tank
factions-hardcore.com;Factions
mc.tigerspvp.net;TigersPvP
52.5.121.253;EverythingBagel
dw20.fourhorsemen.club;Four Horsemen Club - Direwolf20
Play.PvP-Adventures.net;PvP-Adventures
play.mcspacecraft.eu:29596;McSpaceCraft
geopixel.net;GeoPixel
IPunchCraft.net;IPunchCraft
prison.grained.net;Grained Prison
108.170.45.67:25620;TriangleCraft
mc.karogath.com;Karogath
64.modernkingdom.net;Modern Kingdom Vanilla 
play.thefrozen.cf;The Frozen Castle
mc.jungleworksgaming.com;Jungleworks Gaming
SurvivalMC.serv.nu;SurvivalMC
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
macminecraft.serveminecraft.net;MacMinecraft
play.lonestarmc.net;LonestarMC
mc.skypulse.us;SkyPulse
dragonhe36.ddns.net;DH36 Network (Devs Needed)
UltimateMC.mchost.pro;UltimateMC
mc.gflclan.com;Games For Life - GFLclan
mc.splashcraft.es;splashcraft
119.252.189.41:27615;Snipe The Dino
119.81.65.250:25743;Aeria Network
landoftheram.serveminecraft.net;Land of the Ram
mc.deviantsmc.com;Survival.Games
play.theinfernity.com;TheInfernity
endercraftsurvival.mcph.co;EnderCraft Survival
178.63.69.69:25510; CwG Chickens With Guns Vanilla
play.thewhiteknife.net;TheWhiteKnife
69.175.19.227;RoyalKingdomCraft
176.12.49.94;DarkCore Network
frenzic.co.uk:2088;Immunity PVP
Rewinside.tv;GommeHD.net
nerdytimegaming.fluctis.com:26309;NerdyTimeGaming
149.202.83.16:40393;GamersOnline
play.factionswarfare.net;Factions Warfare
s5.minespan.com:26206;UnitCraft - Towny and More
ignis.mcserver.ws;Ignis
167.114.209.21:25821;SpartanPrison
MineWA.com;MineWorks
mc13.fadehost.com:26961;Sexy Factions
198.24.165.154:49827;The Derpy Pwners
52.32.208.45;JumpMan Network
androidfactions.mcph.co;Android Craft......Owner Lightz_Shadowz
McWar.us;McWar.us
doublefoundedfactions.hosthorde.net:26227;DoubleFoundedFactons
play.valoran.co;Valoran Network
play.valoran.co:25813;Valoran Networks
play.hexic.us;Hexic Network
pvpitup.beastmc.com;PvPitup
pvpitup.beastmc.com;PvPitup
play.imagicamc.net:25566;Imagica MC
CuboidPower.dmch.nl;Cuboid Power MC-Network
178.33.201.155;SplatCraft
198.20.109.37;QuackCraft
themtn.mcserver.ws;The Multi Network
167.114.156.212:25798;Join this ip instead
HeroicFactions.net;Heroic Factions | Insanely Fun
quintessencefactions.com:25566;Quintessence Factions
Server.RevolutionNetwork.me;Revolution Network
5.196.185.23;Dragon.Fast-Gaming.Ro
GS45.swifthosting.dk:25614;KitFireGS45
167.114.119.116:25592;SnapKits
192.99.201.102:25685;DidoCraft
kermitkraft.clovux.net;KermitKraftRETURN
MysticHaven.Us.To;MysticHaven Hub
mc.basedcraft.com;BasedCraft | Hermitcraft
hobblemc.mcph.eu;HobbleMC Skyblock
mc.darthrealms.net;Darth Realms
96.234.205.96;mc2 free op
play.clustermc.net;ClusterMC
survival.frostwiregaming.com:25808;Frostwire Survival
play.voidfactions.com;VoidFactions
gravitypvp.serverminer.com:26443;Join This IP Instead-198.24.179.123
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
S3.minespan.com:26289;We need u come now for fly mode
technofactions.com;TechnoFactions
s21.minespan.com:25965;HysteriaFactions
88.150.171.195;UnityCraft
enpvp.mcpro.co;En-PvP
playendercraft.no-ip.org;EnderCraft
play.potterworldmc.com;PotterCraft | Free-OP
FutureWorld.myserver.gs;FutureWorld
167.114.53.24;Gucci Factions
192.99.39.239;T0XCRAFT Survival
mc.callofcraft.es;Call Of Craft
newpolian.mpgh.co:45346;Newpolian Building Server
Apocalyptica.mcraft.pro;Apocalyptica
192.99.116.208;RetroMC Need Staff
192.99.116.208;RetroMC Need Staff
Sayerwars.mcph.co;Sayer Wars
62.210.250.169:25657;Toky Craft 
s4.hosthorde.com:26189;Kronos Survival
play.nitrexmc.com;NitrexMC
play.nitrexmc.com;NitrexMC
play.fieldofblocks.net:26547;FieldOfBlocks
142.4.218.206:26015;NuggetCraftAU
122.56.53.208;Crazy Menz Fun Park - NZ
infinitymc.com;InfinityMC
192.99.116.208;RetroMC
192.99.116.208;RetroMC
Play.outbackpvp.net;OutbackFactions
fayz.beastmc.com;The FAYZ 
s18.minespan.com:26311;Enchanted Network
162.245.0.197;Primatic Factions
play.stardust-mc.eu;StarDust
ovidpvp.org;Ovid PvP
23.95.34.146;Arcane-Volt
RazeMc.Minecraft.To;RazeMc
freedomopfactions.nitrous.it;Freedom factions
BasicMc.mcpro.co;BasicMC
play.infiniteislands.ca;Infinite Islands
purpurmc.mygs.co;PurpurMc
31.214.247.133;Bumberg Craft
mc.minecraftplanetearth.com;Minecraft Planet Earth
184.154.16.178:38860;VoidMC
mc.mecanitycraft.com;Mecanitycraft
s33.hosthorde.com:26168;Staff Needed | CornDogCraft | Factions
cloudmc.us;CLOUDMC
hysteriamc.us;Hysteria
Meepcraft.com;Meepcraft
officialendercraft.mcpro.eu;namlocs
prison.warpedmc.com;Warped Prison
s21.minespan.com:25893;roguenation
legendaryminigames.primedtnt.com;LegendaryFactions
hub.thechunk.net;The Chunk Network
play.nexuslegends.com;Nexus Legends
jhonfredy.com;Wood World
blazernation.mcpro.co;Blazernation Survival
192.99.149.171:26049;DaPigEmpire
play.fusioncraft.us;FusionCraft
158.69.26.186:25569;Bone Shard
mcrpg3.mcph.co;MCRP3
hub.mineplex.com;Mineplex
mc.pumpkinnetwork.com;The Pumpkin Network
198.24.171.162;MultiplexPVP
192.99.116.217;Oak Gaming
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
mc.planetgallium.com;Planet Gallium
Survival.myserver.gs;SURVIVAL
104.254.105.50;Lunitix
lynxsg.fadehost.com;LynxSG
newsignet.minecraftr.us:10101;New Signet
45.63.65.214:10080;Byzadia
play.factions-realms.net;Factions-Realms
167.114.156.212:25798;DCprison
84.200.206.28;Turontus-Test
192.95.8.239;DecideCraft
mc.skillex.me;SKILLEX
LegendCraftMc.beastmc.com;Mc-LegendCraftPvP
188.212.100.236;Mc.ProBuild.Ro
85.114.128.78:26393;LegendGamesNL
MyPvP.eu;MyPvP
EsqueleCraft.g-s.nu;EsqueleCraft
185.114.156.247:25571;Dorperino
Nosslin.serv.nu;Nosslin
hg.mc-pandora.com.br;Rush-Kits
LegendaryMinigames.primedtnt.com;LegendaryMinigames
5.196.82.228:25969;Zevereux Faction Server
79.142.162.152;Lotsman Minecraft PC
192.99.201.220:26164;PZ Ultima Official OneSevenTen
universegaming.factions.ws;Universe Gaming
s21.minespan.com:26043;Dojecraft Survival
92.222.235.145:27965;KillahBlock
104.37.29.14:25932;IronSideVillage
play.techgames.co.uk;Tech Games
158.69.172.183;PlutoCraft
192.99.20.205:41273;RizzelCraft
162.244.167.11:29220;Asteria
mc-xxdashtixx.no-ip.info;XxDaShTixX - Survival
s21.minespan.com:26043;Friendly survival server
185.4.149.39:25584;SexyCraft
37.187.148.41:25913;VortexReloaded Community Gaming
z-craft.mcph.co;Z-Craft
MC.MINEZ.us;MINEZ.us
play.WolfPack.mcsrv.eu;WolfPack NetWork 
51.254.181.147;Uncharted Realms
RetroPixels.mcserver.ws;Retro Pixels
FMLCraft.com;New Minigames server
minecraftvanilla.serverminer.com:26383;BossVanilla
Drmongoose.beastmc.com;Dr Mongoose
85.114.128.101:26592;MagicMiner2015
play.cubelag.com;OriginalGamingNL
skywars.serv.nu;skywars
78.46.106.132:25572;javalegacy.com
alpha.kaashosting.nl:27664;Armypvp
s6.hosthorde.com:26192;Ink Craft
s5.minespan.com:26206;UnitCraft Towny - Events today
Her0Craft.McPro.EU;Her0Craft
tacocraft.nether.co:26040;TacoCraft
167.114.208.127:25666;InfernoGrow 
www.toomasia.com;Toomasia FTB Infinity
play.miragepvp.com;MiragePvp
192.95.29.102:27920;CloudyCraft
lilcraftmc.mcpro.co;lilcraftMC
Vexelpvp.gamename.net;VexelPVP
mc.me1312.net;MECraft by ME1312
play.TownyWorlds.com;TownyWorlds
phantomsmc.ddns.net;Phantom Network MC
192.99.21.123:27275;Dobbys Server
worldofblocks.servegame.com;World of Blocks
167.114.173.78:25616;MetroFactions
play.hexacraft.nl;Hexacraft
108.61.164.154:10070;The Shattered Realms - Fantasy Server
185.4.149.39:25573;SummerCrafterZ
thoughtcraft.mcph.co;ThoughtCraft
party.realmcraft.com.br;RealmParty
37.187.150.162:26150;HobbleMC OPFactions
s6.minespan.com:26151;Factions
37.187.25.36;Simplecraft
mccw.ithinkrok.com;Colony Wars Recreation
wootscraft.mcph.co;Sample text nation
23.91.4.66;Flare Craft
officialretrocraft.nitrous.it;RetroCraft
mc.RambleGames.de;RambleGames
play.ReactiveMC.com;ReactiveMC
N3rdNationWorld.mcnode.net;N3rdNationWorld
158.69.18.119;iRogerFlavio
s21.hosthorde.com:25951;curioused
CortexNetwork.com;Cortex Network
s5.hosthorde.com:26167;Skyblock With Turtles
clarencecraft.ddns.net;ClarenceCraft Whitelisted
198.12.116.213:25765;SandyPvp
infinitegames.ddns.net;InfiniteBox
usplay.xyz;US Server 2
cryptic.beastmc.com;Cryptic Pvp
www.digitalbuilds.net;Digitalbuilds
skullvanilla.crafted.pro;SkullVanilla
62.210.100.242:25716;ServCraft
mc.slivencraft.net;SlivenCraft Bulgaria
play.thehelixmc.net;The Helix Mc
muricagaming.com;Murica Gaming
anka.nitrado.net;Anka
virtuallife.yeahwh.at;jucaturisaolin.mc
hobblemc.mcph.eu;Hobblemc
RaccoonCraft.crafted.pro;RaccoonCraft
Play.DopplerPvP.com;DopplerPvP
mc.cakesg.com;CakeSG
play.skylarkpvp.net;skylark
play.skylarkpvp.net;skylark
play.lonestarmc.net;LonestarMC
192.228.106.9;Blitzkrieg PvP
us.mineplex.com;Miniplex
Riventus.net;Riventus
Revayd.net;MinePro
play.djkwiebus.nl;MineTopia
play.kastia.net;kastia
minecraft.ebaumsworld.com:25567;Ebaumsworld
mc2.infinityhosting.hu:25744;Skycraft
digipi.co;Dedi Prison
167.114.119.116:25590;MileniosPvP 
mc.adventurerealm.net;Adventure Realm
mc.minehurt.es;MineHurt
mc.venomcraft.net;VenomCraft
play.hivemc.com;hivemc
167.114.157.17:25786;AtomicPVP - Factions
162.244.165.31:56166;Roulette
MCRealms.org;MCRealms
198.100.146.228:25706;NuclearMC Factions
omega.datcraft.net;Pixelmon Omega Server (Datcraft)
mc.phantomcraft.eu;PhantomCraft Factions
swordsofjustice.twilightparadox.com;Swords of Justice The New Dawn
mc.fusioncentral.net;Fusion Central
Play.HaloPvP.Com;HaloPvP
185.28.189.138:60716;ItsPvpTime
raidfactions.mchost.pro;Raid Factions
108.170.8.146:59364;BurnedBull
gidzelnetwork.no-ip.org:25566;Gidzelnetwork skyblock server
Play.minescape.org;Minescape
empireskyblock.net;EmpireSkyBlock
prison.paradise-prison.info;Paradise Prison
45.35.63.82:25697;InfinityCraft
lifeinminecraft.com;Life In Minecraft
play.pixelors.net;Pixelors
eu.primedtnt.com;PrimedTNT
mc.adventurerealm.net;Adventure Realm
adriftpvp.apexmc1.co;Adrift PVP
mc.gamenet.sk;GameNet.SK
mc.minevast.com;strongspinix88 and smashspyro2
play.mcgamer.net;PvP
168.1.74.11:57576;ThinkCraft
Play.CreepCraft.co.uk;CreepCraft
mc.BloodBow.com;BloodBow
167.114.159.141:25681;AquaCraft-need staff
hypemc.servermc.nl:26546;HypeMC
198.24.165.234:65521;Omega Snipers
46.4.90.169:25568;GemiCraft
senpaicrafted.mcpro.co;SenpaiCraft 
S8.hosthorde.com:26180;Multi-World
37.187.154.69:28425;BlizzardPvP
play.darklegendz.net:45993;DarkLegendZ
mc-craftgames.com;CraftGames
StarCraftNetWork.mooo.com;StarCraft NetWork
server.cyclopscraft.com:26477;CyclopsCraft
mc.creeperfx.net;MegaBlocksMC   Official
s3.minespan.com:26181;Venomous Survival
play.thepitmc.com;The Pit MC
dreamcraft.mine.nu;Dreamcraft
play.zentiamc.net;ZentiaMC
167.114.156.62:28018;StrandedFactions
192.95.55.114;SeireiteiCraft
Mc.LavishPvP.com;LavishPvP || Faction Server
23.94.121.57;Galactic PvP
37.187.29.204;GrizzlyNetwork
play.eternitylegions.com;Eternity Legions
198.24.168.250:27895;VerseFactions
37.187.148.41:25890;Empire
mc.flux-network.com;Flux-Network
MC-Arcade.com;MC-Arcade
mc.legendcraft.org;coolcraft
mc.teamdrd.com;Team-DRD Minecraft
JustPvP.us;JustPvP
192.99.46.97:28158;The Dome  
alaris.serverminer.com:25568;Alaris
play.hadcraft.net;HadCraft
162.244.165.41:34664;Decked
s6.minespan.com:26112;Microwave Company
bastille.mcpro.co;BastilleCraft
beansandbacon.servegame.com;Beans and Bacon
mc.simplypvp.us;SimplyPVP
80.67.8.17;Maxicrafters
80.67.8.17;Maxicrafters
185.38.148.31:25594;Galactics Hyptogenis
play.mcblackcraft.net;Arcadia Network
minecraft.luzid.nl;B2s Luzid World
play.archblade.com;ArchBlade
mc.sleekgamers.com;Sleekgamers
37.187.153.35:25683;KonvexPvP
nemesisfactions.com;Nemesis Factions
107.6.145.106:25962;CreeperCraft
senpaicrafted.mcpro.co;SenpaiCraft
senpaicrafted.mcpro.co;SenpaiCraft
snowfall.gamename.net:26351;snowfall
5.135.198.216;ColorCraft.OverPlay.Ro
TheVorax.noip.me;THE VORAX
Kurex.serv.nu;Kurex Factions
208.115.245.195:26901;TheElementalWorld
theuniversalfacs.mcph.co;Universal Factions
Deadtime.minecraft.gs;Dead Time
play.goldencreate.net;GoldenCreate
play.tpgn.eu;The Penguin Games
37.187.144.57:25723;Waken Hub
167.114.174.73:25624;OOT Prison
play.cursedmc.com;CursedMC
mc.sparebucket.com;SpareBucket
mc.hackerzlair.org;mc.hackerzlair.org
192.99.5.8;Prism Craft
5.255.70.79:25889;MineTopia
192.99.46.97:28176;BlockItRPG
158.69.156.129;WizardFactions
198.143.138.163;UltimaMC
tanookicraft.serv.nu;TanookiCraft
37.59.215.96:25601;ChickenRealm
162.213.42.186:26003;Landed PvP
play.nuclearmc.org;NuclearMC Factions Staff needed
play.paragonminecraft.com:28250;Paragon Minecraft
MCRPG3.mcph.co;MCRPG3
162.244.167.91:34677;Reaper Factions
nitromc.net;Nitro Mc
s14.minespan.com:26050;Zeitra
infinitedreams.mcserver.ws;InfiniteDreams
RomeMC.Net;RomeMC
play.the-ingot.com;The-Ingot
mc.pudgecraft.com;pudgecraft
mc.sleekgamers.com;sleekgamers
sugarcraftfactions.mcph.co;SugarCraft Factions
mc.goldenmooo.online:53557;GoldenMooo
s13.minespan.com:25607;GoldMasters
188.165.226.119:25712;Sildings.hub
dreamcast.no-ip.org;Dreamcast - Sweden
MC.DopplerPvP.com;DopplerPVP
109.230.253.167:20050;Lifeminecraft
mc.megacraft.mx;megacraft
play.mystic-prison.net;Mystic Prison
188.165.230.135:25689;Bap
31.214.245.3;GamesPvP
185.56.136.68;NODserver
Play.OlympusNetworkMC.com;OlympusNetwork
198.154.120.243;N5 - server24387 - lionmaiden
pvp.mcdarth.net;Darth Network
162.244.165.151:60482;PlayMyMinecraft
fantasydungeons.net;FantasyDungeonsRPG
mc.turtle-nation.com;Turtle Nation
orderandchaos.volgaming.com;GamingStaten
Play.RomeMC.net;RomeMC
ehcraft.mcserver.ws;EhCraft
infinitymc.com;infinity
192.99.201.217:25748;SurgeCraft
167.114.173.78:25638;Mianite Realm
mc.FDRaid.net;FDRaid
gakill.mcph.co;Gakill Prison
gsg.gamename.net;GSG Welcome to Survival Games
mc.pixelcore.net;PixelCore
mc.legendcraft.org;manh
ccmmo.net;Minecraft Server
ccmmo.net;Survival Server
mc.sleekgamers.com;sleekgamers
play.elexnetwerk.nl;Minetopia
craftyllama.mcph.co;CraftyLlama
s21.minespan.com:25935;DarkMC
play.mcinvictus.net;Invictus
mysg.pl;bartkowy serwer
142.4.217.111:25958;Kc-Craft
149.202.69.132:41898;RaveCraft
nocircles.khplay.nl;nocircles
162.244.165.68;HamletCraft
Quakecraft.us;QuakeCraft
69.175.56.6;Five Nights at Freddys Role Play
79.124.58.13:25566;AppleCraft-BG 
RomeMC.Net;RomeMC
mycraft.zapto.org; My Craft
158.69.25.37:25586;MagixzPvP
mc.mcninjanetwork.com;McNinja Minigames
167.114.118.139:25732;Bazinga-Craft
complexprison.com;Complex Prison
mcarcworlds.com;ArcWorlds
Mineverse.net;Sword gamers
play.dynamitenetwork.net;DynamiteNetwork
play.oasishub.net;OasisMC
play.elitekraft-mc.net:25836;EliteKraft MC
bcsurvival.mcpro.eu;BearCraft
46.20.1.139;FerahCraft
pvp.nordicgamingnation.com;Nordic PvP
play.minescape.org;MineScape
192.99.36.201:26583;TheCore-FFA
37.187.173.138:25605;Boom Sword
theicecraft.mcpro.eu;IceCraft
play.ChivalryMC.com;ChivalryMC SkyBlock
Play.hexnetwork.co;HexNetwork - Kitpvp
198.101.251.121;Space Craft
HypothanyPrison.shockbyte.com:25811;HypothanyPrison
192.99.149.167:26126;MysticalWithers
192.99.149.167:26126;MysticalWithers
mc.nubellis.com;Nubellis Games Minecraft Server
5.196.129.201;OreoKits | Apply at OreoKits.enjin.com
play.sohipvp.com;SohiPvP
192.99.149.171:25712;Cakelicious
167.114.208.127:25666;InfernoGrowPvP
EmeraldSB.mc-srv.com;Emerald SkyBlock
play.blueskyes.us.to;SkyesBlue
br.mcmatriz.net;mcmatriz
br.mcmatriz.net;mcmatriz
rising-blocks.de;Rising Blocks | Mittelalter RPG
188.165.226.119:25684;GGgamerdk
play.hiddenmc.com;Hidden Kingdom
play.factionswarfare.net;Faction Warfare
amp.rightdev.net;rightDev Amplified
lmbch.ca:28015;Atlantic Minecraft
85.229.215.250:24588;Texor
151.80.78.211:26506;McSurvivalFIN
mc.wubcraft.com;marco_cullhaj_123
play.eternalgaming-bg.eu;EternalGaming Bulgaria
play.swex.eu;SweX
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
Play.RomeMC.net;RomeMC
RomeMC.net;RomeMC
TitaniumMC.mymc.io;TitaniumMC
play.skycraftmc.net;SkyCraftMc
198.24.163.106:43654;DiamondCraft
play.worldofeden.net;World of Eden
play.chronicnetworkmc.com;ChronicNetwork
kavericraft.net9.fi:26422;KaveriCraft
5.196.123.172:25584;DenDanskePVP
royalprison.beastmc.com;RoyalPrison
mc.skillex.me;Skillex - Creative
151.80.78.209:30831;ModeCraft
149.202.64.145;localhost
69.175.56.6;FNAF Roleplay
192.95.30.63:27589;FactionMagic
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
playwolfpackmc.mcph.co;WolfPack
xalord.myftp.org;XAlordians
smp.mintyfreshcreepers.net;Minty Fresh Creepers
Play.bluesky.net.au;Blue Sky Craft
frostednetwork.mcpro.co;FrostedNetwork
Play.iRezuri.net:26453;iRezuri MC
petibonum.serveminecraft.net;Quebec Petibonum
play.forgefaction.com;ForgeFaction
minelords.mcalias.com;Mine Lords
play.mdmcraft.com;MDMCraft
mc.sakurafactions.com;SakuraFactions
doublefoundedfactions.hosthorde.net:26227;DoubleFoundedFactions
play.fortflare.net;FortFlare
timrcraft.dmch.nl;TimrCraft
mc.aceservers.xyz;ACE Prison
play.cynicalpvp.com;CynicalPvP
167.114.101.146:25959;Perl Prison
friguscraft.mcph.co;Friguscraft
162.244.165.61:46625;Wither Network
142.4.218.205:25965;Galaxisus
159.8.141.198:27544;ItzOPKraft
162.244.165.41:34664;Decked
project-pluto.mcph.co;Project Pluto Official
mc.eagleslandingpvp.com;Eagles Landing PVP
5.135.89.164;Herokrafty
119.81.145.72:45129;GuardianS Gaming
94.23.78.134:25580;PortugalGames
ZestyPvP.mchost.pro;ZestyPvP
176.31.243.213;Ideen Server
feudalcraft.nitrous.it;Feudal-Craft
TasCraft.mcpro.co;TasCraft
50.143.11.173;Dragonscrolls Rpg
pastacraft.fadehost.com:27738;PastaPvP
GS52.swifthosting.dk:25597;JustHCF 
mcskyline.nitrous.it;McSkyline
37.187.153.35;Breached Realms
UGN.mcph.co;UGN
s4.etiiomc.de;etiiomc.de Survivial Freebuild Server
fairpvp.de;FairPvP PvP and Minigames
Play.FurixNetwork.com;Furix Network
192.99.46.151:26013;DreamKits
play.faidedgaming.com;Faided Gaming
play.axolotech.com;AxoloTech
play.skylarkpvp.net;SkyLarkPVP
162.244.166.111:25619;BlockNation
162.244.166.111:25619;BlockNation
162.244.166.111:25619;BlockNation
teamregal.tk;team-regal
185.38.148.87:25570;Prison Island
Play.IridiusMC.Co;IridiusMC
minehq.com;MineHQ
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
159.8.141.200:30737;SmackemSilly
octaviancraft.mcpro.co;OctavianCraft
93.119.25.33;MC.TerraCraft.RO
cheung.m.ly;ReaCheung
37.187.137.142:25681;BruhCraft
StragePVP.de;StragePVP | Survival | GunGame | Skypvp
s20.minespan.com:26124;PandaCraft
lioncraft.xyz;LionCraft
pokemania.serverminer.com:26445;Falioria
Craftlend.gamename.net;CraftLend
mc.craftiiz.com;CraftiiZ
5.255.85.212:26296;SuperCity
play.minemix.net;Minemix
firepower.mchost.no;Fire Power
192.99.150.117:25896;VapidMc - Hub
149.202.70.175:41889;Warrior Cat Woodland Survival
QuantumDinosaurs.noip.me;QuantumDinosaurs
play.minecloudnetwork.com;Minecloud Network
divine.minecraft.to;Divine
167.114.103.186:36389;TiggerCraftPvP
RomeMC.net;RomeMC
mc.minestia.fr;Minestia
167.114.1.212:26074;Heptic Network
guildofminecrafters.org;Guild Of MineCrafters
evolved.mygs.co:10512;Evolved Prison Server Best Map
iPlayCraftGames.mygs.co;iPlayCraftGames
mc-central.com;Central
Progamer.nitrado.net;Progamer
198.50.233.111;hollowcraft
108.170.15.243;Test Server10
zcraft.gamename.net;ZCraft
62.210.196.228:27712;RetroCityGames
192.99.20.81:26040;Gonuts
192.95.29.196:30256;AdamCraft
pvp.thesecondseal.net;The Second Seal
Play.SpideyMC.net;SpideyMC
christguru.mcph.co;Christguru C&S
play.verbelen.org;RockhopperWorld
104.36.86.117;Parisite Craft
islemc.mcserver.ws;ISLEMC
titancubes.apexmc1.co;Titan Cubes
masterRPG.mc-server.net;Master RPG
dphogwarts.minerack.club;DP Hogwarts
craftit.tk;Craft-It
Destroycraft.g-s.nu:40584;Destroycraft.g-s.nu
AngelicPrison.us.to;AngelicPrison
Itachimc.playsrv.nl:27286;Itachimc
5.200.23.176:25814;The Krakkador Community
Kingdomcraft.serv.nu;KDserver.nl
play.pokefactory.us;PokeFactory
emberempire.beastmc.com;Ember Empire
KingdomCraft.serv.nu;SwagArmyBoy
vesuvius.mc-server.net;VesuviuS
Play.SpaceFactions.net;SpaceFactions
51.254.26.207;BrightCraft
pvpfight.tk:25830;PvpFight
redmoonpvp.mcph.co;redmoon factions
mc.blockstorm.net;The Blockstorm Network
sinisterislands.nitrous.it;SinisterIslands
play.mineaid.net;MineAid
cuttingedgesystems.org;Hawaii  Minecraft CES
Spikybite.es;mineric12
play.orb-craft.com;The Orb-Craft Network
rpg.servebear.com:25517;Servebear MMORPG
77.174.79.4:25577;Gaitmans World
warcraftbr.hostgamebr.com:25671;WarCraftBR
sadercraft.ddns.net;SaderCraft
play.ashcraft-mc.com;Ashcraft Survival
fabled.factions.ws;Fabled Factions
52.33.1.223:3001;iron stallion
173.15.60.241;SiegeCraft
tropicalpvp.no-ip.org;TropicalPvP
ApolloPvP.mcnh.co;ApolloPvP
192.99.44.131:27282;DesiredMCFactions
173.236.63.132;StrandedMC
Siegecraft.org;Siegecraft.org
beta.blazeversemc.tk;BlazeverseMC | DeathBan Public Beta
167.114.165.184;MWDSONNY
play.hydroxus.net;hydroxus
certaininsanity.mc-srv.com;Certain Insanity
Elementspvp.mcph.co;Elements PVP
play.StrandedMC.com;StrandedMC
mc.dragon-dimension.com;The Dragon-Dimension
play.se-rp.net;Superior Unleashed
TekkitLegends.Snubmansters.com:2015;The Tekkit Legends Themed
supernova.fadehost.com;Super Nova
185.114.156.205:25652;MCRoyalFactions
HellaFlush.us.to:26470;HellaFlush
timolia.de;ZockerCraft.net
162.244.164.1:39449;ImpossiblePvP
104.207.146.78:10070;Minecraft Server
158.85.102.106:51713;Kingdom Craft
192.95.49.181;HeroKG
scavengercraft.com;awesomeness
PvP.Zone;PvP Zone
158.69.53.8;Hailthefallen 24/7 Survival Madness
deadrealm.beastmc.com;Dead Realm Factions
Play.PlatinumCraft.net;PlatinumCraft
192.99.222.138:25566;Easy Craft Factions
162.244.165.41:34664;DeckedMC
71.206.245.132;HaliRealms
craftmine.mcpro.eu;craftmine
synville.mcalias.com:26270;SynVille
192.99.46.153:26905;The Neard Bros 
mc.uninetwork.co;Uni Network
Play.ReflexMC.net;ReflexMC 
24.130.3.248;BudderCommunityv2.0
162.244.167.101:56862;the FoxDen
188.40.85.23;Relaxx
167.114.102.203:25745;The Mind Scape
185.87.22.29;Skycraftblock
5.200.23.170:26834;goodgames
play.prezonfactions.eu:55600;PrezonFactions
79.124.59.241:65333;BuddyCraft-BG Residence PVP
TLCM.tk:28191;LordsCraft
play.theworldsmc.net;The Worlds Minecraft Server
cs.mineplex.com;Mineplex
79.124.56.51:25567;SwatPvP
5.39.2.57;Minex
mc.revengefactions.com:25612;Revenge Factions
ronanblingnetwork.mcph.co;Ronan&Bling Network
Soulkraft.myserver.gs;SoulKraft 3.0
bantacraft.uk.to;Bantacraft
us-emerald.mcph.co;EmeraldPvp
RagnusCraft.mcnode.net;RagnusCraft  Witchery and more
Forbiddenlab.nitrous.it;Forbidden Lab
s3.minespan.com:26302;PortiaPvP
play.blueshiftmc.com;BlueShiftMC
play.frostpvp.co;Frost PvP
158.69.26.30:25591;Relic PvP
play.atom-network.com:25593;Atom-Network
CamsterCraft.beastmc.com;Camster Craft
phantompixels.serv.nu;PhantomPixels
mc.kineticpvp.net;KineticPvP
opminecraft.com;OPMinecraft
Mc.tidepvp.com;TidePvP
167.114.159.141:25721;CyrexCraft
goldtopia.mcplay.nl:29998;GoldTopia
magmacade.mc-srv.com:8192;Magma Cade
184.164.140.202:54022;Factions....
play.TheBlockade.net;The Blockade Factions
play.TheBlockade.net;The Blockade Factions
play.TheBlockade.net;The Blockade Factions
play.TheBlockade.net;The Blockade Factions
37.187.175.190:32064;PixelmonAdventure
37.228.149.125;MasiveFun
192.99.44.125;BSSkyBlock
vibe.cubed.pro;Vibe Cubed
StarHero.de;StarHero.eu
192.99.21.120:25757;SeattleCraft
Hub.resortcraft.net;Resortcraft
198.50.214.84;AxePvP Servers
198.24.172.58:31648;MCGamingNetwork
37.187.144.76:25576;EliteTeams
37.59.209.193:25897;VM-Craft
198.27.67.178:25133;Dark Side
perlprison.com;Perl Prison
play.enderisle.com;Enderisle
myth-network.net;Myth-Network
synesthesia.mcserver.ws;Synesthesia
198.50.254.78;Midnight HCF
62.210.100.242:25831;Survival-Zero
destinypvp.net;DestinyPvp
play.bluebones.org;Blue Bones
MC-Guilds.com;MC-Guilds
oreocraftsurvival.mcpro.co;OreoCraft
ZCraft.mcalias.com;ZCraft
disastercraft.mcph.co;Disaster Craft
play.atom-network.com:25593;Atom-Network
agelastpvp.duckdns.org;Agelast Factions
69.175.55.196;MCWaffleCraft
Play.Minecraft-Romania.Ro;Vanilla-Ro.Ro
51.254.161.121;Vanilla Swags
RumbleMC.de;RumbleMC
robingames.ddns.net;RoBinGames Mine
FavixPvP.net;Ich wurde gehackt.
mc.crashcraft.eu;CrashCraft
tronplex.mcph.co;Tronplex Skywars
mcnovus.net;McNovus
148.251.45.14:25960;GoldensCraft
s1.minespan.com:26484;TheRichestFactions
mc.chainbreak.de:23335;mpc Reallife
McDreamers.mcph.co;McDreams
149.202.79.106:25596;SpookyCraft
148.251.45.14:25960;GoldensCraft
198.20.118.54;DubbyMC
play.minesmash.co;MineSmash
167.114.156.201:25838;Infinity Build Pvp
Freeluxcraft.nitrous.it;Freeluxcraft
136.243.185.202;FlyCloud
mc.hebbocraft.es;HebboCraft NetWork
play.darkchaospvp.net;darkchaospvp
167.114.102.208:25689;MCImperial
mc.minershome.com;Minershome
mc.dystopiax.com;Dystopiax.com - Factions
DoritoCraft.mc-server.net;DoritoCraft
oldcrowew.redirectme.net;OldcrowPvP
betacraft.nitrado.net;Betacraft
Iridiusmc.mcph.co;IridiusMC 
Iridiusmc.mcph.co;IridiusMC 
Iridiusmc.mcph.co;IridiusMC 
Iridiusmc.mcph.co;IridiusMC 
glowpvp.mcph.co;GlowPvP
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
tehfrinds.mc-srv.com;TehFrinds Prison
ladybug.zoo.cs.yale.edu;Wills Second Semester Server
158.69.25.23:25723;Oasis Survival
jaime.dathost.net:11286;Wheaties
play.naturiapvp.com;NaturiaPvP
mc-WorldOfMystery.mcph.co;World of Mystery
s2.enderdragonhosting.com:25571;StarBucksFactions
UnisonSMP.net;UnisonSMP
citadelmc.com;Citacraft
opprison.volkgaming.com;VolkGaming OPPrison Server
play.zirconcraft.co;Zircon Craft Hub
lioncraft.xyz;LionCraft
PegasusCraft.nitrado.net;PegasusCraft
yana2.cloudapp.net;CatCraft
TheIceCraft.mcpro.eu;IceCraft
148.251.45.14:25960;Norsk Server
minecraft.trevland.org;Minecraft Trevland
phoenixnetwork.nitrous.it;PhoenixNetwork
PandaPvPGames.serv.nu;PandaPvPGamez
185.38.148.147:25566;doubletapgaming server
148.251.53.17:25818;DeVoidz
Diversicrafts.minecraft-mania.fr;Diversicrafts
s3.minespan.com:26302;PortiaPvP
mc.fonocraft.com:25570;fonocraft
warfine.net;WafineHCF
paradoxpvp.us;ParadoxPvP
nekcraft.minesv.com;NekCraft
162.244.165.31:27548;FabulaCraft
f.mercilessmc.net;MercilessMC Factions
mc.orangecraft.net;Orange Minecraft
play.blastercube.fr;BlasterCube
odincraft.playat.ch;OdinCraft
174.138.171.122:60345;TheFireAspect
TheMcForest.xyz;TheForest - Towny/McMmo/Economy
185.38.148.216:25755;Trinity Craft
dankpie.com;DankPie
192.99.44.159:41534;Cookie_Craft101
s22.minespan.com:26109;FireFlamer
play.codercraft.cc;CoderCraft
play-mc.leang97server.tk;Craft-NetMS
play.opticnetwork.net;OpticNetwork
119.81.145.66:26940;Suncraft
37.187.144.76:25843;Creative Cloud
167.114.209.94:25705;ActionNetwork
blitznation.mcpro.co:4657;BlitzNation
ncsv.tw;New Century
ncsv.tw;321321321651
MellowCraft.factions.ws;mellowcraft
45.35.62.114:25747;The Wolves
play.minelife.eu;Minelife
TasCraft.mcpro.co;TasCraft
archonpvp.com;Archon PVP
168.1.74.16:65499;Golden Craft
play.minecraft.studio;Minecraft.Studio
Mc-Dr.com;Dream Realm
198.27.80.140:26131;DragonCraft Factions
Yeezy.Cubed.Pro:25493;Yeezy
37.187.154.69:28479;Pinkys Adult Playground
dragonlegacy.serv.nu:40145;Dragonlegacy
151.80.78.209:30739;watercraft
creepercraftofficial.mcpro.co;CreeperCraft
5.200.23.161:26106;BlobbingPvP
mc.agrcraft.com;AGRCraft
158.69.120.198:25568;xi-roy servers
mc.vonosfactions.net;VonosFactions
Play.BroncinCity.com;broncin 
pieland.mcpro.co:35827;PieLand Games
play.saicopvp.com;thefactions.com
combomc.com;ComboMC
play.legocraft.net;LegoCraft
37.187.154.73:25830;TitanCraft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
pyscody.mymc.io;PysCody
mc.rpsgaming.net;RPS Minecraft
vanilla.darktowercraft.com;Pure Vanilla - New World - Medium Size
realmoftheous.beastmc.com;Realm Of Theous
flashmine.mcph.co;FlashMine
Play.refinedpvp.net;RefinedPVP Cracked
167.114.102.222:25937;ArrowHead Prison Need Staff
us-emerald.mcph.co;EmeraldPVP
159.8.141.198;ArrowNet
192.99.200.141:40034;Crescent Realms
149.202.66.178:25695;Dark_MC OpFactions
206.221.187.249;OverKill
192.99.20.44:25846;Diamond Factions
23.95.15.115:25677;Spellminer
play.ocularmc.com;OcularMC
mc.themadness.us;The Madness
airshipmc.mcpro.co;AirshipMC
heropvp.mcalias.com;HeroPvp
mc.punchcraft.us;DarkKillers Dark Server
Burst-Mc.tk:27373;Burst-Mc
rektpvp.gamename.net;ReKtPvP
167.114.102.150:25879;Bleach Fantasy
fastfox.ddns.net;RhinoTopia
103.47.192.209;SkyDark
mc.gameoffactions.net;Game Of Factions
dct.iotheory.net:21119;astrofacs
5.255.70.70:26214;Commingsoon test
galaxycraftjj.mcph.co;GalaxyCraft HiringStaff
62.141.42.133:27880;Cool server
mc.KidsCraft.net;KidsCraft SkyBlock
us.mineplex.com.;defek7mc
Mcx.Minecraft-Romania.Ro;Xfireball
canadianpvp.net:26349;CanadianPvP
mc.agrcraft.com;AGRCraft
69.175.53.140;MinecraftBuddies Server
theminecraft.minecrafthost.it;TheMinecraft
Play.ArkhamMega.Ro;ArkhamMega
167.114.65.207:25767;Eastern Moon Kingdom
mc.lopixel.net;Lopixel Network
revolutioncraft.mcpro.eu:46523;RevolutionCraft
192.99.120.114;Cortex
158.69.26.187:25608;FactionRaidz
chaoticprison.org;hodhaifga
centural.co;Centural Open  Alpha Hard Survival
198.24.171.42:33481;WolfCraft
dk.creeper.zone;Creeper Zone
f4nt4craft.minecraft.gs;F4nt4Craft
192.99.21.47:25799;Art-Reason
subzero.apexmc1.co;SubzeroMC
MineVein.mcalias.com;MineVein
76.30.120.87;Vortec
185.38.149.55:25576;Togcraft
Play.OrbitRaids.Com;OrbitRaids
glowpvp.mcph.co;GlowPvP
69.175.54.93;SaltFork
sprolez-net.us;Sprolez Net
opfaction.volkgaming.com;VolkGamingTM OPFactions
spill.blizcraft.no;BlizCraft & DaysMc
minehost26.host-unlimited.de:28940;Blocks-Unlimited.de/HarryPotterworldmc
play.luckyprison.com;TroxOne
thegameplace.zapto.org;TheGamePlace
theminecraft.minecrafthost.it;The minecraft 
62.210.233.69;MCX.UXG.RO
skyblock.life;skyblock
PlayMinetopia.dmch.nl;PruisTopia
s15.minespan.com:26488;Nukecraft
mc.kingkraft.net;KingKraft
minecraft11.omgserv.com:11041;YourCraft
play.eternitylegions.com;Eternity Legions
play.mineblocknetwork.nl;MineblockNetwork
play.1337-mc.org;1337-mc
play.reapcraft.net;ReapCraft
Play.JailHouseBlox.com;Zay
108.178.21.131;Dino factions
w1.fulleffectservers.com:26351;BurgerLands
167.114.156.201:25965;VapidMC Network
167.114.102.146:25599;TopCraft
play.underworldmc.net;UnderWorld
151.80.78.211:26569;Magiamine
FallenEarth.mcph.co;Fallen Eath
167.114.100.223:25610;Firecraft
skullvanilla.crafted.pro;SkullVanilla cmd blocks
mc.hyperionrealms.tk;HyperionRealms
galaxycraftjj.mcph.co;GalaxyCraft Hiring Staff
167.114.208.127:35697;PhoenixDawn
play.devotedmc.com;Devoted
emperio.mcpro.co;Emperio
roleplay.settleandconquer.com;Setttle&Conquer
167.114.65.184:25678;ImmixMC
149.202.64.88:25585;Poke Aces
192.99.21.216:29032;MasterCraft Economy
play.planetbeacon.com;PlanetBeacon
192.99.44.159:40990;RickTopia
play.oceanic-craft.com;Oceanic-Craft Snapshot Survival
doublefoundedfactions.hosthorde.net:26227;Double founded factions
darkcrafting.mcph.co:26041;DarkCrafting
play.dungeonrealms.net;Dungeon Realms MMORPG
27.50.70.34:25568;MineSurvive
campgames.tk;CampGames
51.254.44.202:25575;Dunsiane Realm
37.187.139.125;BLUEPVP
sys66334.leet.cc:24517;IcraftFR
UnCraft.cubed.pro;UnlmitedCraft
mc.vanticraft.com;VantiCraft
play.KinkyCraft.net;KinkyCraft
46.105.183.58:25566;Whoopycraft
167.114.173.78:25591;QuickCraft
5.255.85.199:27337;FrostIsland
93.123.18.116;StR0vErPVP
play.pokeflames.com;PokeFlames
198.154.120.219;EARTH
mineslap.org;Mineslap Network
nitrocraft.serv.nu:41346;NitroCraft
73.35.37.249;PureMC
play.prismmc.com;PrismMC | OP-Prison
158.85.102.105:56540;RivalsPvP
mcskycraftserver.gamename.net;SkyCraft
play.lochcraft.com;Lochcraft
mc.hyperionrealms.tk;HyperionRealms
nonstoppvp.hosthorde.net;Non Stop PVP
69.175.115.244;NexP Craft
sakura.captorcraft.com;CaptorCraft
158.69.23.11:25566;Galaxy Prison
178.248.200.34:25636;BitMC
192.99.20.227;CastleNewtown
75.135.27.50:25567;Journeycraft
kairaids.beastmc.com;KaiRaids
167.114.156.201:25960;Cookie Craft
kairaids.beastmc.com;xXLordOfPvPXx
kairaids.beastmc.com;xXLordOfServsXx
kairaids.beastmc.com;xXLordOfKitsXx
Force-mc.mcph.co;ForceCraft
mc.darkspin.com;Darkspin
vtserver.hopto.org:2190;VT Server
192.99.150.172:25776;KorraCraft PVP Avatar
blastcraft.mcalias.com:25876;BlastCraft
PixelCraftOp.mooo.com;PixelCraft
158.69.124.205:25592;MeiCraft Server
lightning-craft.com;Lightning-Craft
lightning-craft.com;Lightning-Craft
lightning-craft.com;Lightning-Craft
fireminers.mcph.co;FireMiners
hg.wombocraft.com.br;Wombocraft Network
davidoz.eu;DavidozGames
85.131.231.127;JinxPlex.net
OMGCloudMC.com;OMGCloudMC
Server.SprookjesCraft.nl;mitchennigel
play.icyuniverse.com;IcyUniverse
69.175.45.47;IntendedMC
46.174.50.22:25577;On-classic
198.24.162.98:42037;SpikeCraft
198.24.162.98:42037;SpikeCraft
craftnet.info.tm:2098;Craftnet MC Server
msh-craft.com.au;msh-craft.com.au
mc.darkagepvp.us;DarkAge PvP
167.114.1.211:25886;cubersnetwork
mc.imperialfactionz.com;ImperialFactionz
198.50.168.156;AspiredPrison
198.50.133.92;Dj Survival
kairaids.beastmc.com;xXLordOfPvPXx
kairaids.beastmc.com;xXLordOfPvPXx
play.toomanyblocks.net:10298;TooManyBlocks
Barbercraft.mcserver.ws;Barbercraft
37.187.134.19:31380;24/7 LightCraft EasyBuild Minigames
158.69.25.23:25723;OasisSurvival Join Now
kairaids.beastmc.com;kairaids
exceedpvp.xyz;ExceedPvP
mc.solitudegaming.com;Solitude Gaming
mc.akarcraft.es;JordanGamesBR
payne.factions.ws;Payne.Factions
Freebldcraft.tk;FreeBldCraft
PlayTowny.com;PlayTowny
s12.minespan.com:26522;GrixPvP
78.46.106.132:25603;SwordLegends
TugasPvP.Craft.Vg;TugasPvP
mc.giziasnetwork.com;GiziasNetwork
play.immortalpixelmon.com;Immortal Pixelmon I Mega OP 
5.135.8.211;MineBlack
GS41.swifthosting.dk:25592;RahbekMC
play.vanityfactions.com;Vanity Factions
TarkolCraft.mchost.pro;TarkolCraft (Dedicated)(Offline Mode)
mineboost.net;MineBoost
WolficCraft.mcph.co:25949;WolficCraft
192.169.44.9:25946;MysticalNetwork
mc.neronation.com;NeroNation
BMCraft.playsrv.nl;BMCraft
LegendCraftMC.net;LegendCraftMC 
thediamondmines.us;TheDiamondMines
undeadprisonmc.com;alilazo
167.114.157.241:26324;WizardDerp2.0
play.mccobalt.com:25638;CobaltMC
OmegaBrawl.hosthorde.net;OmegaBrawl
herospvp.mcph.co;HeroPVP
ackrakbel.serverminer.com:26383;Ackrakbel
dolphinbox.net;DolphinBox Snapshots SMP
MC.UberMC.net;UberMC.net
192.99.38.156:40576;ShreddersFactions
node39.minecrafted.net:25786;BlackLineNetwork
NerditeMc.Serv.Nu;NerditeMc
45.35.62.114:25768;CraftMC
SuperSB.org;SuperSB - Skyblock
nucleocraft.g-s.nu:40416;NucleoCraft
167.114.119.97:25589;HoopyCraft
167.114.172.108:25586;VertigoCraft
ms1.hosting-uy.com:25675;HardToSurvive
play.templecraft.net;TempleCraft
mc.minewrath.net;MineWrath
servidorec.sytes.net;ElementalCraft
87.98.139.117;RandyNetwork
217.114.197.172;Paskeks
thenest.mc-server.net;The Nest
KingFaction.Nitrado.Net;KingFaction Turk Sunucusu
85.190.170.219;KingFactionTR
kuramacraft.net;Kuramacraft
joecraft.be:25570;RazerFactions
minejump.net;MineJump
62.210.102.86;UltraMC
rainpvp.mcph.co;RainPvp
wal-craft.com;RuinCraft
ChillyMc.net;ChillyMc
echonetwork.mcph.co;Echo Network
play.blacklilac.net;Team Black Lilac
br.mcmatriz.net;mcmatriz
play.minedrixmc.com;The Minedrix Network
play.creedfactions.com;CreedFactions
192.99.201.226:28484;CynicalPVP - OP Facs (rankup)
play.survivemc.com;SurviveMC
51.254.157.216;SnowStorm
5.196.102.184;Mc.OverPlay.Ro
nebulamc.tk;Nebula Craft
ultrapvp.servegame.com;UltraPvP Network
172.245.177.226:26113;Squid Kingdoms
mc.spiritualbending.net;Spiritual Bending
72.94.165.170;Anonymous PvP v3.0
spitacraft.mc-srv.com;SpitaCraft
69.175.59.212;SkeleCraft
198.24.165.154:40053;Mags Factions
MysticFactions.beastmc.com;Mystic Factions
defusion-craft.com;Defusion-Craft
pvpnest.mcph.co;PVP NEST
Occtonal.mcpro.co;Occtonal Factions
dankotopia.mcph.co;Dankotopia
176.31.241.166:25742;SunShinePvP
neophyte.mcph.co;Neophyte Factions
goldenscraft.mchost.no;Norsk Server
galaxycraftjj.mcph.co;GalaxyCraft need staff and Devs
aspiredprison.mcserver.ws;Aspired Prison
buttoncraft.us.to;Buttoncraft
imini.myserver.gs;Minicraft
play.venturemc.net;VentureMC
nggs.no-ip.org;Pixelmon
raccooncraft.mcph.co;RaccoonCraft
pvpnest.mcph.co; PvP Nest   Factions Crates
OasisSurvival.net;Oasis Survival
survival.collectivecrafting.com;Collective Crafting Survival
mc.firecraftnetwork.com:28371;FireCraft
216.126.195.58:25566;Metro Factions
optimumcraft.minecraftr.us;OptimumCraft
pvp.tech;BloodshedPVP
cynicalpvp.net:36399;factions-reg
twizted.mcpro.co;TwiztedPvP
mc.gaminginprogress.net;Ares Server
62.210.100.242:25665;NightParty
mc.northernfables.com;NorthernFables
107.6.181.142;Peoples Republic of Irregular
debulapvp.fluctis.com;DebulaPvP
hayno.us;HaynoPvP | Everything PvP
play.craftofclans.net;Craft of Clans
thecove.serverminer.com:26421;TheCoveMC
93.186.202.25;Faikkit
LahnaCraftV5.myserver.gs:41854;LahnaCraft
185.38.149.40:25566;GeneticPvP
119.252.189.41:25738;Drunken Craft AUS
mc.pixelmon.uk:25569;Pixellegions
play.phoenix-craft.net;PhoenixCraft Pixelmon
simplifiedpvp.mcph.co;SimplifiedPvP
sys94089.leet.cc:39291;RapidCraft Network
premiumiron.ddns.net;PremiumIron
play.mytheria.net:30124;Mytheria
goldenscraft.mchost.no;Norsk Server
5.39.4.128:25789;ConfuciousPvP Factions
192.99.149.167:26266;twinotr
woodchuck.mcph.co;Woodchuck Games
Play.Era-Mc.Com;Era-Survival
skybloks.csrv.pl;EasyHcPL
woodenblood.mcpro.co;WoodenBlood
woodenblood.mcpro.co;woodenblood
kgbserver.es;KGB Corporation
PixelationPvP.net;PixelationPvP
37.187.158.155:41854;LahnaCraft
overloadmc.com;OverloadMC
167.114.100.109:25629;Flaze Factions
tekkitlitetuga.fluctis.com;TekkitLiteTuga
185.28.188.163:62161;Darkness - the UHC SMP experience
176.31.106.157:26292;Merciless Realms
Mc.InsigniaPvP.Com:25807;Insignia Bending
theblocktopia.ddns.net;BlockTopia
paragoncraft.apexmc1.co:25833;Pure Survival
LionsPride.beastmc.com;LionsPride
mc.foxcraft.org;FoxCraft Network
192.99.14.166:25888;ResiCraft
play.holycraft.org;HolyCraft
kyraffa.net;MineAndThrive
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
darkdeath.myserver.gs;Death Craft
Play.ExaltedSwanx.Com;ExaltedSwanx
play.minehour.com;Minehour 
158.69.118.225:25623;SkyZone
pepcraft.playat.ch;PepCraft
s12.hosthorde.com:25804;IronRealmsTowny
play.realitycrafts.org;RealityCrafts | PVP | Factions | Raid |
rolyd.com;Rolys Minecraft
50.162.81.78;TTC
zetas.mchost.no;Zetas
opnation.org;opnation
lioncraft.myserver.gs;LionCraft
play.blacklilac.net;Black Lilac
play.fancypvp.com;FancyPvP (Factions)
s12.minespan.com:26522;GrixPvP
mc.fuscraft.net;FusCraft
play.azeronpvp.com;AzeronPVP
play.treasurecraft.nl;Treasurecraft
extremegaming.mcpro.co;Extreme Gaming
62.210.100.242:25660;DaggerPvP
s12.hosthorde.com:25804;IronRealms Twony
158.69.117.100:25631;Crop Empire
play.dynamitenetwork.net;DynamiteNetwork
mc.paradisecraft.net;ParadiseCraft
198.27.81.182:25854;Ultra Hard Core
play.fishprison.com;FishPrison
69.175.74.89;Rusty Factions
anotatos.info;AntotatosGaming
pvpnest.mcph.co;PvP Nest
play.uranuscraft.net;Uranus Craft
play.xbate-mc.com;Xbate
trifectarealm.mcph.co;Trifecta Realm
PrisonZone.mcpro.co;PrisonZone
mcwonderland.mcpro.co;McWonderLand
survival.kreatious.net;kreatious
prison.pyrexnetwork.net;Pyrex Prison
5.255.85.202:26464;SnaPockGames
mc.struthmategaming.net;StruthMate Factions
37.187.158.155:40964;BlitzPvP
meozcraft.com;MeozCraft Gaming Community
mc.vallhalacraft.net;ValhallaCraft
5.39.85.229:25599;Kingdom Survival
109.169.56.9;World of WonderCraft
play.mcsuits.got-game.org;the suite
sys21220.leet.cc:31144;Nettikaivos
mc.vortexel.com:45382;Vortexel
TibuCraft.khplay.nl;TibuCraft
skywars.serv.nu;skywars
skywars.serv.nu;skywars
5.10.110.101:41557;LegendaryFactions
Tekkittam.Playat.CH;PilotMc
5.255.85.214:26380;Test
play.archyric.com;Archyric
195.154.146.126:25719;Spigen Survival
198.27.82.46:26345;FireAndIce
glowworld.mcph.co;Glow World
SpiderServer.myserver.gs;SpiderServer
GoldCity.HostHorde.Net;GoldCity
play.godmc.net;GodMC
s20.minespan.com:25967;Stoner_420
Play.TheMinecraftLeague.com;The Minecraft League
TheRenegade.server-minecraft.pro;TheRenegade
mc.unblockednation.com;UnblockedNation
ACDrugs.mcserver.ws;ACDrugs
69.30.240.250:26806;Lunar
baratel.com;Baratel Networks
dds.holst.tv;Dansk minecraft server
162.244.165.51:28916;Fantastic Funlands Of Excitement
104.32.202.247:25566;Godly Towns
mc.abodcraft.eu;ABODCraft
85.190.144.8;PokeTime
goldenbar.fluctis.com:26129;GoldenBar Servers Need Staff
134.255.217.210:4455;HighCraft
158.69.97.242;Modernity Network
revived.mcph.co;ArmedMC / RevivedNetwork
mc.mineonline.us:25574;MineONLINE
37.187.144.57:25713;Skylake KitPvP
149.202.70.147:41047;EuroCraft
play.DarkGames.space;DarkCraft
poke.elzoo.es;los molones
poke.elzoo.es;los molones
167.114.117.231:26485;Monkeys Reborn
mckitpvp.mcjoin.eu;MCKITPvP
unitedworldminers.com:25630;Life in the Woods-Revival
scriptinglegacy.cr.rs;Scripting Legacy
play.terracraft.org;TerraCraft RPG Survival Server
scriptinglegacy.cr.rs;Scripting Legacy
play.soulcraftpvp.com;Soulcraft
ModMagic.mcph.co;ModMagic
167.114.1.218:25956;DabbleCraft 2.0
Royaluniverse.gamename.net;Royal Universe
kitty.beastmc.com;Kitty Craft
169.249.170.34;GalacticNetwork
m.pinkreaper.com:13194;PinkReaper
happy.servegame.com;McPVP Gamemodes
198.24.175.52;Universal PvP
mc.candycraft.org;CandyCraft
mc.exoterragaming.com;ExoTerra
play.InfamousMC.co.uk;InfamousMC
play.thehammercraft.dk;TheHammerCraft
193.111.140.179:26351;Blurbcraft
firebirdgaming.mynetgear.com;Firebird Gaming
s10.minespan.com:26397;WolvesCraft
MinePeru.Com;MinePeru
37.187.139.125:27324;AmperCraft
213.113.25.232;FG|Ralle
play.pulsepvp.net;PulsePvP
play.minecloudnetwork.com;minecloud
play.intensitymc.net;intensity network
192.99.19.190:26050;Craftyverse
reborn-sv.es;Reborn Server
kryptonite.vgmc.us;Kryptonite
totalfreedomcraft.com;TotalFreedomCraft
184.164.140.202:42812;SimpleLands
jigglyblunt.mcph.co;Jigglyblunt Survival
192.99.125.69;DropperCraft
genesis.apexmc1.co;Genesis
projectpokemon.co;Project Pokemon Hoenn
TheRenegade.server-minecraft.pro;TheRenegade Factions
endstonecreative.g-s.nu;Endstone MC
intcraft.eu;/int/craft
play.hexacraft.nl;HexaCraft
37.187.77.55:26037;SwagsterMC
151.80.78.209:30748;Peliluola
185.38.148.185:25571;HavocEmpire
mc.SpartanScape.net;mineplex
pgmc.net;PrestigiousMC
185.38.148.45:25570;MysteryCraft
158.69.118.197:25944;PixelEagle
play.reactivemc.com;Reactive
37.187.144.57:25742;The Kit League
142.4.206.237;MasonCraft
gamescape.mcpro.co;GameScape
play.tempestmc.ca;Tempest
craftu.ddns.net;CraftersUniverse
GreenPvP.nitrado.net;GreenPvP
mineropolis.com;Mineropolis Network
185.38.148.45:25570;MysteryCraft
159.8.141.202:53555;McPvP
mc.mineropolis.com;Mineropolis
play.mineropolis.com;Mineropolis Network
game.mineropolis.com;Mineropolis Network
198.20.109.71;Viber.Minecraft-Romania.Ro
176.31.246.51;oMashine Craft
185.38.148.45:25570;MysteryCraft
37.187.144.57:25754;ChickenTopia
gs8.enderchest.pl:26711;World Crafter
mega.fadehost.com;HyperionCraft
s15.hosthorde.com:26150;Ender Nation
BongoFactions.xyz;BongoFactions
5.62.126.121:10600;EndermiteDerp
mc.nypogaming.eu;Nypo Gaming
192.99.3.48:25568;Ignore this server or join it
westcoast.mcph.co:35736;West Coast
149.202.66.178:25610;SurvivalLand
192.99.106.158;DragonPvP
23.235.236.7;ClayCraft
Play.Hy-Brid.us;iClaush
5.150.209.52;a srver
join-texascraft-factions.ddns.net;TexasCraft Survival
splashcity.mcpro.co;SplashCity
play.giantmc.eu;GiantMC
balkan-gaming.co;Balkan-Gaming
198.24.160.34;CityVortex
play.basicpvp.net;BasciPvP
Moderncraft.no-ip.org;Moderncraft
mega.fadehost.com;HyperionCraft
167.114.156.60:25794;Apex Minecraft
Play.diversepvp.com;DiversePvP
play.workbenchmc.net;Workbench
mineshardmc.mcph.co;MineShard
s8.minespan.com:25702;CrueltyMC
64.31.53.168:25729;Eternalsky
mc.modulous.tk;Modulous -Hiring Staff-
Play.PokePlexMc.com;PokePlex Pixelmon
184.154.16.251;SinisterMC
GlitchCraft.mcserver.ws;GlitchCraft
158.69.53.43:25596;Sonostor Server
play.poisonprison.us;Poison Prison
198.50.175.161;DragonZ
GreenTimos.myserver.gs;GreenTimos
198.20.179.130:26613;Make us a community
play.team.ml;Plooty
162.244.164.41:49812;Stormvault Prison
s8.hosthorde.com:26177;CrypticEmpire
91.225.107.74;mc.jaillife.eu
mc.tallcraft.com;TallCraft
mythicalhutnetwork.mcph.co;MythicalHutNetwork
play.DreadGamesZ.com;Vynomite
play.mc-nation.net:25562;MC-Nation Limitation
genesis.apexmc1.co;Genesis
join.kitora.net:25723;Kitora Network
ZhongguoRepublic.mcserver.ws:25939;ZhongguoRepublic
play.justpvp.com;JustPvp
s5.minespan.com:26361;ApocalypseCraft
mctowns.mcph.eu;McTowns
leakedMC.FMC.PW;LeakedMC
162.244.167.91:65521;DirtCrafterz
s15.minespan.com:26493;M-Craft
FACTIONS.org;Pineapple
mc.emeraldcraft.com.ar;emerald craft
RaidingFinest.com;RaidingFinest
join.project.li;Project 64
depthmc.mcpro.co:61655;DepthMC
158.85.102.105:37575;TheCubicCast official server
nagaevolved.omgserv.pro;Naga Evolved
23.91.4.74:33687;KidsTopia NL Real Life Server
survivalforce.serv.nu;survivalforce
144.76.220.202:26095;NordicMC
vcmc.me;VoidCraft 2.0
playthecoretex.tk:25802;TheCoretex
dempixels.xyz;Dempixels
s1.ethyria.dk:25590;CrypticraftCraft
sabotador.com;Sabotador
mythic.mcpro.eu:56588;Mythic Factions
158.69.53.43:25605;Age Of Anarchy
s4.minespan.com:25729;Blockade
167.114.117.18:25692;BurntStadt
play.skycraftmc.us;SkyCraftMC
185.38.148.39:25905;Swords of Craftenguarde
aionmc.beastmc.com;AionMC
192.95.0.213;Streak Kits
causewhynot.zapto.org;WhyNotCraft
diamondlang.fluctis.com;diamondlang
5.152.199.51;FuryMC
104.207.143.155:10190;phoenixrebirthpvp
198.27.125.42;Mandiria
thegamingcorner.net;TGC and Hive 365
136.243.103.94;Storm Cloud
mc.creepernation.us;Creeper Nation
Nohitdelay.mcserv.pro;NoHitDelay
shank-tank.net;The Shank Tank
lpgmc.mcnh.co;LPG Server
play.ariacraft.com:27128;AriaCraft
azerithpvp.net;Azerith PvP
s1.minespan.com:26080;Greatest Server on Earth
propvp.apexmc.co.;ProPvP Factions
75.82.231.13;Galactic Craft
167.114.117.231:26605;Tryhard Nation
67.212.180.46;Pineapple
play.rockmc.com;rockmc
192.99.116.229;BrutalPvP
ViittaCraft.Net9.Fi;ViittaCraft
play.immafreedom.eu;ImmaFreedom - Free OP
s36.hosthorde.com:26080;Imperium MC
pixelmonheroes.us.to;PixelmonHeroes
mc2.infinityhosting.hu:25713;|| HyperCraft || Lobby ||
play.mytheria.net;Mytheria Network
MysticCraftMC.mcph.co;MysticCraft
nosecraft.net;Comunidad NoseCraft
solarprison.tk;SolarPrison
factionlife.apexmc1.co;factionlife
168.1.74.8;SugarCraft
TiroTopia.serv.nu:10945;TiroTopia
mc.gamingbananas.co.uk:25785;Gaming Bananas | Towny | CS | Economy |
brothercraft.nl;Brothercraft
node10.ranni.ca:26830;Golden Network
Play.linkpvp.net;Link PvP
afterblock.mcjoin.eu;AfterBlock
atlas.dsv.su.se;GalaxyHD Network
blocky.me;blockify
108.178.52.122:25587;Jcraft
149.202.64.7;ABDCraft
198.24.167.194:51204;MyFlex
play.thechromanetwork.com;Chroma Network
atlas.dsv.su.se;GalaxyHD Network
s10.minespan.com:26311;SuaveMC
Penguinkits.net;Penguinkits
188.165.250.107:25568;Candy Kingdom
s9.minespan.com:25643;Tornado Survival Modded Server
craftingham.eu;Craftingham
MineBattles.eu;MineBattles
mc.themadness.us;The Madness
play.clashpvp.me;ClashPvP Minecraft
play.discorcraft.com;Discor Craft
play.minechoice.net;MineChoice
mc.sk-block.co;Sk-Block
play.infinite-realms.org;Infinite Realms
polarnetworks.ddns.net;Polar Networks
37.187.154.73:25635;CubeAdventureNetwork
play.killerprison.com;Killer Prison
167.114.172.108:25593;Slimefactions
minecraftserverco.com;LegionCraftKitpvp
s27.hosthorde.com:26222;FrozenNetwork
mcdreamers.mcph.co;McDreams
62.241.227.143;KisuFanis MineCraftServer
Mc.FuckCraft.pl;FuckCraft.pl
192.99.5.198:25878;PMCReborn
Play.OrbitRaids.Com;OrbitMC
play.craftofclans.net;CraftOfClash
play.moocraft.ca;moocraft
74.208.78.173;BrownTown
play.diamantfeber.com;DiamantFeber
balance.myserver.gs;Balancer Craft NEW
188.122.88.207:25568;HoopsOfCraft
168.235.87.86;Raid Burn and Steal
play.geeksqueak.org;GeekSqueak
mineup.net;MineUP
69.175.65.154;Aurion SMP
192.99.201.213:25582;FrostyFactions
fallenknights.net;Fallen Knights
158.69.25.23:25731;GodlyCraft
158.69.24.131:25679;ZimCraft
167.114.172.108:25693;Codecraft
s15.hosthorde.com:26202;Kylecraft looking for staff
spawncraftcm.tk;SpawnCraft
91.221.36.167:25595;Tower Of Dream
play.mcprison.net;MCPrison
193.0.159.161:25740;Frikcraft
tntdood.duckdns.org;TNTDOOD
185.38.148.184:25584;Ultra KIT-PVP
mc-central.net;Krotz
minecraftia.fluctis.com:26037;Minecraftia PvP
nitrocraft.myserver.gs;Nitrocraft
fatalkits.net;FatalKits
MCBlow.omgcraft.fr:10094;MCBlow
Israel.myserver.gs;IsraCraft
etherealm.mcph.co;EtherRealm
play.sebas.eu:26073;SebasEU
legacy.rocks;Legacy
play.AuroraMC.net;AuroraMC Network | 24/7 |
40.121.141.90;DuskPvP
hub.BBCraftMC.com;BBCraftMC
play.robustmc.com;RobustMC
factionlife.apexmc1.co;Faction Life - Staff Needed
vcmc.me;VoidCraft
ironrealms.serverminer.com;Iron Realms
slimemc.aqn.us;SlimeMC
psychoticpvp.com;PsychoticPVP
mc.wubcraft.com;J&K25
FatalityPvP.hosthorde.net;FatalityPvP OpFactions and paintball
pixel.maddyncraft.com;Maddyncraft Pixelmon
intricatemc.mcph.co;IntricateMC
s16.hosthorde.com:26201;New World Balance
punch.monstercraft.org;MonsterCraft
ThePCServer.com;ThePCserver
69.175.47.27;BoingCraft
ulmc.net;renan
revolutions.mcph.co;RevolutionsPvP
Anjay.mcpro.eu;Anjay Network
Mc.OreCraft.com;Nett-Craft
mc.terranz.org;TerraNZ
51.254.54.175:25528;ShoutMC
Play.Mine-Topia.nl;TheMineTopia
Mc.norgesking.com;Norgesking
198.143.128.189;HecticHCF
tokyoghoulrpg.mc-srv.com:26153;Tokyo Ghoul Official RPG Server
62.210.102.86;Ultra Mc
149.202.237.161:25568;BonePlex
heroesleague.mcph.co:48778;Heroes League - PvP Factions - Abilities
energizedprison.com:25994;Energized Prison
oreheaven.mcph.co;OreHeaven
62.210.100.242:25755;ArmadyL
mc6.skaia.us:25555;Universal Faction
play.cove.network;Cove Network
192.99.116.208;RetroMC
DuckCraft25.mcph.co;DuckCraft
208.115.245.217;Amulet Games
play-cakecraft.ddns.net;CakeCraft
play.impecraft.com;Mudo127
mc.dynamicraft.ca;Dynamicraft
mc.mumausserver.com;Mumaus Prison
192.99.14.166:25888;ResiCraft
162.244.165.91:60540;Orion PvP
play.arcanehub.com;Arcane
play.TimeToMine.net;TimeToMine
lifeinminecraft.com;LIM
lifeinminecraft.com;Lifeinminecraft
lifeinminecraft.com;LIFE
lifeinminecraft.com;Life In Minecraft
ausnetwork.myserver.gs;Ausnetwork
Play.OverflowMC.Com;OverflowMC
ru.estmc.net;Russian EstMC.net
185.38.148.6:25568;Hussworld
play.chaoticogfactions.com;Apathymc
5.255.85.199:27263;Call of Turtles
us.mineplex.com;mineplex
play.crafters-united.com;Crafters-United
alfaraids.mine.gg;Alfa Raids
play.team.ml;CraftiDubes
151.80.78.228;surf craft
173.199.78.30:10070;The Pack
pvp.mineons.com;Mineons Oficial
mc.notchcraft.es;Notchcraft
goldenscraft.mchost.no;Norsk Server
mc.power-game.fr:25570;PowerGame
craftedprison.nitrous.it;Crafted Prison
mc1.pw;RUS Snapshot Server
Friendlycraft.mcalias.com;FriendlyCraft
bcraft.serv.nu;BCraft
5.200.23.173:26101;OmegaNetwork
104.161.16.220;Inferno MC
149.202.64.130:25570;SpartanMC
78.46.43.133:25581;MineCrime
MelonMC.mcph.eu:33769;MelonMC
bukkit.threemcsandonedj.com:25566;3 MCs & 1 Bukkit
play.legendisland.co;Legend Island New TNT Run
mc.projectwestartedit.xyz;ProjectWeStartedIt
cclnetwork.mcpro.co;CCL Network
192.99.44.131:27219;ColdHardGamePlay
198.27.67.59:17383;FrostFire
play-lb.com;Legendarybane
162.252.10.200:26873;Artize Gaming
Invadedlands.net;InvadedLands
167.114.60.23;Conflicted Realm
teighteenmct3.connectminecraft.com;TCraft
162.223.8.156;Superbia Extreme Adventure
pvp.serenity-craft.net;Serenity PVP
duskrealms.ca;Dusk-Realms
playepicnetwork.mcph.co;EpicNetwork
KoboMC.com;KoboMC
superiormc.org;SuperiorMC
192.169.44.9:26040;Delusion Craft
factionlife.apexmc1.co;FactionLife staff needed factions
192.99.47.146:41264;DustCraft.g-s.nu
aureliapvp.pw;AureliaPvP
158.69.26.187:25626;EclipseNetwork
play.wildlandsmc.com;WildlandsMC
play.eclipticrealms.com;Ecliptic Realms MC
julacraft.serverminer.com:26573;Julacraft
play.budderislandmc.com;Budder Island
play.legacyminecraft.com;Legacy Minecraft
play.blazedpvp.net;teststats
78.46.97.248;TDGaming 
69.64.52.237:25586;knightsoflol
pikacraft.beastmc.com;Pikacraf
198.50.237.247;RWBYClone
octanium.tk:28042;Octanium
s7.minespan.com:25795;caniffe.net
108.170.6.138:32697;HypnosisPvP
108.170.6.138:32697;HypnosisPvP
198.20.94.108;FallenDepths
167.114.101.57:25800;DarkSteel Dungeons
174.138.171.122:31185;Ultraverse
188.212.100.50;Bga
88.150.224.58:26203;Minigame Central
mc.vk-gaming.net;Virtuous Kingdom MC
143.202.36.193:25567;Goody Craft
WeirdGamers.eu;WeirdGamers
mine6969.noip.me;mine6969
167.114.100.109:25631;LightDevil
torbst.myserver.gs:11254;ThorCraft
144.76.105.201:25648;MOTT
sheepwarfare.myserver.gs;SheepWarfare
mc.hebbocraft.es;Hebbocraft Network
172.245.54.127;Balkan SkyPvP
64bit-survival.us.to;64bit
168.1.74.8;SugarCraft
168.1.74.8;SugarCraft
play.serenitypvp.com;Serenity PvP
5.189.152.131:25560;DakoPvP
mc.capvp.net;CaPvP
185.38.148.165:25578;X Craft
rejuiced.net;RejuicedMC
Doodnet.mcph.co;Doodnet
platycast.com;PlatyCast
192.99.149.174;CorbusNetwork OP Prison
s4.hosthorde.com:26169;Tech-Craft
192.99.20.76:25591;Donuts Craft 
149.202.90.9:40206;Immortal PVP
mc.opgametypes.com;OpGameTypes
play.recraftedcivs.com;ReCrafted Civilizations
play.oasishub.net;OasisMC
play.oasishub.net;OasisMC
play.oasishub.net;OasisMC
play.oasishub.net;OasisMC
192.99.20.76:25591;DonutCraft
play.marinefactions.com;Marine Factions
eldertales.mcph.co;Elder Tales// Online
167.114.119.95:25583;IlluminatiCraft
46.105.111.32;WitherPVP
69.175.97.42:41378;Lavendera SMP
162.245.2.21;The Arathon Empire
play.rozenmc.com:25200;Rozen
198.15.107.174;Emerald Dream PvP Factions
142.4.197.171;Paranova Gaming
mcmagic.us;Disneyland
192.99.150.117:25838;LightningPrison
107.6.145.106:25962;CreeperCraft
play.epiccraftmc.com;Epic Craft
play.123isme1.com;Pistoncraft
play.mchavocpvp.net;HavocPVP
exoticfactions.factions.ws;Exoticfactions
velocitygames.mcph.co:57731;VelocityPvP
zenpvp.com;zenpvp
108.61.184.122:10220;GnoBs World
mc02.serveromat.net:22811;SilentNightRealms
mc.spsc.us;SpartanScape Factions/PvP/Creative
play.aquagamesmc.com;Aqua Games
play.crimsoncube.org;CrimsonCube Network
buildcraft.mc-server.net:25580;BuildCraft
tml2.hosthorde.net;TomorrowLand V.2
Pancake.Crafted.Pro:26954;PancakeCraft
38.140.52.86;Skee Factions 
109.230.240.250;jaxter.craft.net
play.toxicnation.net;ToxicNation
inderms.no-ip.org;Inderms
master-factions.mcph.co;Master Factions
play.MineFear.com;MineFear.net | Custom Enchants |
planetSB.net;Planet SkyBlocks
s4.hosthorde.com:26003;Advanced Prison
188.212.100.12;WildCraft
minetopia.serv.nu;Minetopia
s37.hosthorde.com:25918;DestromentumMC
128.65.223.178;EU-Server.eu
CakeRageMC.com;CakeRage
198.24.171.90:65038;DrVanillaMan
fizzcraft.co;FizzCraft
crisispvp.net;CrisisPvP
RaidingFinest.com;Raiding Finest
mc.pvpraiding.com;PvPRaiding V2.0
MysticMc.spartanhost.net;MysticMc
45.35.62.116;Twisted Time Factions
play.kingsmencraft.net; KingsmenCraft 
play.vluxpvp.com;VluxPvP
mckombat.no-ip.org;MCKombat
mc.kitpvp.se;KitPvP.se
play.hazard-mc.net;Survival
play.mcraftparty.com;CraftParty
us.PanPany.com;PanPany
boxpvp.playbr.net;BoxPvP
mc.firecraftnetwork.com:28371;FireCraftNetwork
filmsplus.us.to:25595;FilmsServers
tpc.tomlent.com;Indigenous Minecraft
167.114.172.108:25614;EzCraft
208.115.247.163:26189;BeatStronger
192.228.106.7:25587;ByteCraft
play.mineival.com;Mineival Network
192.99.201.102:25673;Pixelmon PokeMasters
BansheeCity.minecraft.to;BansheeCity
minetex.beastmc.com;Minetex
bigEcraft.com;bigEcraft
ecovival.net;Ecovival
Absicraft.mcpro.co;AbsiCraft
109.70.148.242;Jackdaw 3 Minecraft
mc.minedeezmemes.club;Minedeezmemes
gratisserver.serv.nu;GratisPrisonMC
GreenTimos.myserver.gs;GreenTimos
play.sentry-network.com;Sentry-Network
Duckycraft.mcapp.nl;Duckycraft
5.200.23.162:26019;CreepFactions
play.mc-legends.com;MCLegends
cosmicpvp.me;timelesspvp.net
119.81.145.71:29456;Reign of Terror
MC.UniteElite.COM;Unite Elite
LearnPvP.net;LearnPvP
51.255.6.130;Staminahcf
198.24.165.2:58017;rainbowcraft
69.175.36.83;Brightons World
176.31.241.166:25736;CoramusCraft
play.fangpvp.com;FangPvP
37.187.139.127:31113;GamerWorldMc
mc-build.co;MC-Build
midnightmc.mcpro.co;Midnight MC
shank-tank.net;The Shank Tank
192.99.20.76:25591;DonutCraft NEED staff
199.96.85.7:25581;play.robotgamercraft.ca
fuzzypvp.uk.to;fuzzypvp
198.50.141.80:30085;GoldenBros
play.roudmc.com;RoudMC
69.30.240.250:26816;Rpg-Magic and Science
mc.pixelpeopleonline.co.uk:26599;PixelPeople
192.99.44.40:25585;Kool Kraft
192.99.21.121:28439;IceyPVP
37.187.148.41;JediCraft
192.99.147.86:25664;Webops Community Server
minecraft.radiotube.org;Triforce-village
hubgalaxy.com:25575;Mega Realms
167.114.118.218:25752;Talavan
s20.minespan.com:26283;PGCraft
play.medievalfactions.com;Medieval Factions
play.survivalcloud.org;SurvivalCloud
mc.firecraftnetwork.com:28371;FireCraft
play.thehammercraft.dk;Thehammercraft
208.115.247.163:25957;Enlavivrus Survival
198.24.171.162:58453;MAS Craft
s13.minespan.com:26589;XXXFun
arcanerealm.dmch.nl;ArcaneRealm
play.vindere.us;VindereCraft - Ranked Creative Plots
la.bisecthosting.com;LACraft - Hacks Allowed - Vanilla
france.bisecthosting.com;FranceCraft - Hacks Allowed - No Rules
london.bisecthosting.com;LondonCraft - Hacks Allowed - No Rules
75.48.192.121;Towny Factions
nue-tech.uk;NUECRAFT
play.hugemine.net;HugeMine
mcogaming.beastmc.com;MCOGaming Pixelmon 
47.17.125.82;NitricCraft
cokecraft.mcnode.net;Coke Craft
108.166.163.138;AllevaitionMCNetwork
mc.darkagepvp.us;DarkAgePvp
mc.cityscapenetwork.us:25746;CityScapeNetwork
HockeyCraft.mcpro.co;HockeyCraft
mc.BloodBow.com;Blood Bow
minecolt.us.to:25614;Minecolt
mc.omniscientmc.com;OmniscientMC
62.210.101.148:25735;PancakeRaid
tecflare.com;Tecflare Corporation Community Server
play.crazaycraft.com;CrazayCraft | Friendly | Survival |
s6.minespan.com:25816;UnitedMc1
192.99.150.172:25566;Endercraft 
play.chronicpvp.net;ChronicPvP
islecraft.crafted.pro;IsleCraft
192.95.30.197:26245;Test
getgoodskyblock.com;Get Good Skyblock
thebloxxmc.mcph.co;TheBloxxMC
s8.minespan.com:25702;Cruelty MC
prison.mc-united.net;Minecraft United Network - Prison
jogar.premiumcraft.com.br;Premium Craft
play.metalicraft.com;MetaliCraft Prison
SwagsterMC.mcraft.pro;SwagsterMC
thefunpark.net;TheFunPark - Amusement Park
play.overflowmc.com;OverFlowMC
hcf.auspvp.net;Auspvp.net HCF
raxo.mcjoin.eu:26724;Raxo Network
s12.minespan.com:26522;GrixPvP 
70.121.63.24;Naxinum
admenixcraft.mcjoin.eu;AdmenixCraft
Play.Towncraft.org;TownCraft 24/7 Survival Server
142.4.217.165:25605;Splash Prison
185.28.188.128:39522;rekt
play.scorchedpvp.org;ScorchedPvP
37.59.69.73:26268;SwitsPLAYNetwork
37.59.69.73:26268;Multipvper
37.59.69.73:26268;SwitsPLAYNetwork
Metroxia.com;Metroxia
94.23.9.145;NetherFactions
highclouds.srvmc.nl;HighClouds
37.187.144.57:25754;ChickenTopia
149.202.71.29;kratoa-pvp
162.244.165.161:48314;jcrew
sobrenaturalcraft.verygames.pt;SobrenaturalCraft
play.dimensioncy.idv.tw;Dimensioncy
play.overflowmc.com;StrafeMasterOG
mc.forbiddenrealmsmc.com;ForbiddenRealms
play.mc-dragonplay.eu;www.mymcserverlist.com
mc.jaffacraft.co.uk;JaffaCraft
192.3.106.98;Reign of Warriors
atlas.dsv.su.se;CraftPlay Network
192.99.147.86:25664;webops
NexusCraft.cubed.pro;NexusCraft
158.69.24.137:26335;Virtual Network
144.76.158.61;ClanGaminNetwork - MC Server Network
s11.hosthorde.com:26323;Naruto Ramen Adventures
colda.de;Colda Network
162.252.9.164;DZservers
198.143.140.14:25725;PodMC Network | RankUp Factions 
JLE.twilightparadox.com;Twilight Network
SBC.Sytes.Net;SuperBuilderCraft
play.imeskilzcraft.com;ImEskilzCraft
162.244.165.151:34430;EconomicFactions
s8.hosthorde.com:26200;ZomZomCraft
mc.slimesky.net;Slimesky
play.vergepvp.net;VergePvP 
167.114.103.101:25654;BlasterCraft
fastraid.net;fastraid
farmcraft.org;FarmCraft
InfinityMC.fadehost.com;InfinityMC
atlasonline.us;Atlas Online
dakacraft.mcpro.co;DakaCraft
5.255.85.212:25963;BlackPvPCraft
play.CrypticCloud.biz;CrypticCloud
unlimitedmc.hosthorde.net:26340;UnlimitedMC
198.20.68.235;FrostPack PVP
vikingcraft.org;VikingCraft
mc.craftmorenetwork.com;Craftmore Network
69.175.5.209;Survival Server
149.202.71.6:25580;SpaceBlox
PixelCraftOp.mooo.com;PixelCraftOp
coupcraft.beastmc.com;CoupCraft
mc.craftmorenetwork.com;Craftmore Network
undeadmc.mymc.io;Undead MC
sg.1337builders.net;lawrence
167.114.159.136:25832;Devin Server Swag
sb.goldennetwork.us;GoldenNetwork
192.99.47.146:40476;SecretCraft
LionPvP.mc-server.net;Lion PvP | Factions
synergyfactions.com;SynergyFactions
167.114.102.150:25949;Spudopolis
play.pixelminemc.net;Pixel Mine Network
crym.co;Crym
192.99.19.45:25606;ReptilePvP
37.187.137.142:25590;HeavenStation
s4.hosthorde.com:26354;Flyernetwork
162.244.165.151:29680;Terracore Survival
Diverse-mc.mcph.co;Diverse-Mc
198.143.128.189;HecticHCF
85.165.161.153;Carrotcraft
mc.abodcraft.eu;ABOD Craft
167.114.102.201:25927;Griefing Bukkit
play.poluxnetwork.com;Polux Network
play.ironcloudmc.com;Iron Cloud
104.156.232.103:10100;SurviveAndCraft
lambocraft.mcplay.nl:31293;LamboCraft
s12.hosthorde.com:25824;ZilonPvP 
play.pixelgasm.net;PixelGasm
play.pixelgasm.net;PixelGasm
104.128.52.163:26413;Servicraft
5.196.168.73;TornWorlds Naruto
retronix.craft.vg;RetronixPvP
149.202.70.149:40907;MemphixPvP
192.99.125.79;ElderCraft Looking for Staff
151.80.22.58:25596;MineWire
DiamondCraft.serv.nu;DiamondCraft US
RufixHD.net:33333;SkyBlock | Netzwerk
cubesden.beastmc.com;Cubes Den
CookieKraft.hostdepot.net;CookieKraft
play.vitalitymc.net;Vitality Network
play.maplepvp.com;MaplePvP
69.175.19.226;Majestic v2
emeraldcraftmc.ddns.us;Emeraldcraftmc
yetiverse.apexmc1.co:25712;YetiVerse Factions
76.72.172.240:25692;MineArch
play.paradise-mc.net;Blynius
158.85.102.106:51713;Kingdom Craft
ripple.mcph.co;Ripple Network
158.69.117.100:25574;SolarWarsMC
exodiamc.net;Exodia
NaoXMC.serv.nu;pensado para todos
CraftVille.mcplay.me;CraftVille
Cloud-link.biz:25564;MicroMC
Zenpvp.com;ZenPvP
dawnofthering.g.akliz.net;Dawn of the Ring
DivineRealms.net;DivineRealms
198.24.167.194:40949;Zemyna
play.mineroyals.net;MineRoyals
S14.minespan.com:25949;ArthumNetwork
rektpvp.gamename.net;ElectronicMC
the-denmc.mcpro.co;DenMC
thecraftyproject.mcpro.co;TheCraftyProject
51.255.6.134;WasteLandRebels
192.99.149.174:27683;PureMines
Cloud-link.biz:25572;AdvancedFactions
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
26300051.no-ip.org;Zs
173.236.104.116;Starz-Realm
198.143.150.86;need staff help
167.114.209.94:25722;Aspire Craft
TopHard.pl:56784;Minecraft Miasto.pl
mc.comunitygamers.es;ComunityGamers
mc.realmoftowny.com;Realm Of Towny
arcanerealm.dmch.nl; arcanerealms
lattycraft.ru;LattyCraft - Free effects Russian server
5.39.58.193:26109;TotalvorteX Survival 
play.talonia.ml;Talonia
148.251.53.17:25853;Goruncraft
158.69.22.118:5050;Ireal Server
extrememc.no-ip.org;ExtremeMC
minehost61.host-unlimited.de:28980;SkyNPPCraft
fuzzypvp.uk.to;Fuzzypvp
pixelmon.modulocraft.fr;Pixelmodulo
37.187.154.73:25577;SkyFactions BETA
play.minerverse.net;Minerverse
mightmc.mcpro.co;MightMc
167.114.119.95:25607;Kaimido Network
mc-desage.us.to;Desage
s52.hosthorde.com:25768;TiTanPvP
TheAstro.beastmc.com;TheAstro
192.99.19.186:25678;Aviator Minigames
PvP-Vose.de;PvP-Vose.de
70.114.141.85;SoggyCraft
arenapvp.org;ArenaPVP
pixelatedpvp.mcraft.pro;pixelatedpvp
178.248.200.34:25581;LapisCraft
apexfactions.net;Apex Factions
mc.brutalpvp.us;BrutalPvP
FactionRush.serv.nu:41462;Faction Rush
198.143.146.154;rainyfactions
76.72.172.240:25692;MineArch
wolfprison.myserver.gs;Wolfprison
s22.minespan.com:26241;Needs Staff Very New/WIP Prison
tim740.no-ip.org;TMG
ESheepmc.com:25576;The Enchanted Sheep
FAYZ.beastmc.com;The Fayz | Factions and PvP Specialists
162.244.167.101:49336;WestCoast
5.255.70.73:25960;Creepercraft
94.23.255.61:27581;VarBoosted
BeastCrafters.ench.pl;BeastCrafters
mc.brutalpvp.us;BrutalPvP 
likeabossprison.beastmc.com;Like A Boss Prison 
pvpgomrok.mcpro.eu;PVPGomrok Network
classicsb.com;classic skyblock
mc.nomercymc.com;NomercyMC
Cursepvp.fmc.pw;Curse Pvp
zapcraft03.mcpro.eu;ZapCraft
undeadprisonmc.com;Undead-Network
Mc.Darkpvp.Org;DarkPvp
maroonturtle.mcserv.pro;Maroon Turtle
lunar.dbmgaming.com;Lunar Network
mc.minefights.com;MineFights
mc.ltcraft.net;Ltcraft.net
russetcraft.apexmc1.co;RussetCraft
Play.TheFireMC.Org;TheFireMC
GewoonEenServer.mcplay.nl;GewoonEenServer
us.unboundmc.com:25859;Unbounded Prison
surv.fcpvp.net;FeralCraft
fairyglitter.fluctis.com:26117;FairyGlitter
lightscape.mcph.co;LightScape
play.skydogs.net;MCminecraft
s14.minespan.com:25940;WindCraft
us.revpvp.net;RevolutionizedFFA
Genex.BeastMC.com;GenexMC
mc.godpvp.us;GodPvP
Play.FishPrison.com;FishPrison
167.114.101.146:25597;LasserNetwork
armageddoncraft.hostmc.org;Armageddon
play.envyraids.us;EnvyRaids
185.38.148.163:25578;MKFactions
play.budderislandmc.com;Budder Island
play.budderislandmc.com;Budder Island
167.114.116.144:25819;Topaz Community
Prison.Fatalitymc.com;FatalityPrison
s4.minespan.com:26295;LowLandPVP
thechickencrafted.com:25581;The Chicken Crafted
62.210.100.242:25818;HPcraft
96.127.135.58:27904;Classic-Craft
167.114.173.78:25661;JellyClans
barney.us.to;Barney Network
play.budderislandmc.com;Budder Island
play.budderislandmc.com;Budder Island
PrimeNetwork.ranni.ca:55630;PrimeNetwork
play.factionsevolution.com;Factions Evolution
play.skylarkmc.net;SkylarkMC Netowrk
nsbg.xenlayer.net;Not so Bitter Gaming
winterfables.com;WinterFables
37.187.154.73:25575;Swezornetwork
tmmyolo.speelmc.nl;Tmm minetopia
167.114.173.78:25653;MLG Craft
mc.gamerockuk.com;GR-Network
Wolfgames.serv.nu;WolfLife
mc.blockercraft.com;BlockerCraft
LegendCraft.mcraft.pro;Legend Craft
108.170.3.178:46732;RapidFire
192.99.19.186:25660;CokeCraft
minebrawl.org;sponinghtag
mc.2raka.net;2raka  
82.208.17.36:27178;Mc Bitcoin Casino
178.119.211.112;Alpha-Craft
pvp.crownsland.net;Crownsland Factions
195.3.145.190;mc.wicked.lv
Electro.twilightparadox.com;Electro Network
play.zyanpvp.com;ZyanPvP
188.165.212.222:26038;LemonCraft
5.255.70.77:26035;Minetopia
mc.pixelnetmc.com;PixelNetwork
s12.hosthorde.com:25814;DeathGear
freeadmin.co;FreeAdmin
Minetech.beastmc.com;MineTech
Play.wc-mc.com; Free Rank to First 25
Play.wc-mc.com; Free Rank to First 25
149.202.70.151:25682;LightPrison
198.24.169.66:34262;Galaxy Planet Survival
SkeletronCraft.mcph.co;SkeletronCraft
198.24.171.34:28660;Azahcraft
Sidecraft.XYZ;Sidecraft Kingdoms
Play.wc-mc.com; Free Rank to First 25
mc.minetoplay.com;MineToPlay
162.244.164.31:26258;TheKingdoms
185.87.22.206;BrainUniverse.net
192.99.20.208:29273;SkillzCraft
192.99.150.95:41665;Dragons Den
158.69.118.220:25626;BlockChunkBros
crummypvp.com;CrummyPvP
169.249.170.31:25589;BruceCraft
GalaxyVortex.hosthorde.net;GalaxyVortex
167.114.102.205:25905;CrunchCraft
158.69.155.20:26048;GemLand
mc.kiluth.com;Kiluth
158.69.155.20:26048;GemLand
162.213.41.36:25950;Need a couple staff/builders-KITPVP
totenville.ddns.net;Totenville
achievementcraft.org:25568;AchievementCraft
198.50.189.12;TeliPrisons
167.114.193.235;CrummyPvP
MCSB.mcserver.ws;MCSB
158.69.118.220:25643;InfiniteMc
factionsprime.mcpro.co;Factions Prime
64.31.53.168:25739;Immortal Realms
mc.icemine.ru:25994;IceCraft | #Clans #Marry #NoDupe #Events
ExtraFaction.playsrv.nl;ExtraFaction
192.99.116.241;Redstone Insanity
79.124.56.52;JC-BG
134.255.218.247:9789;EndermanHaterLPs Server
5.255.85.216:26307;Playminecraft
146.0.32.171:25852;DotzCraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
198.50.185.131;ExKing Skyblock (Network)
ChaoticOP.us;Chaotic OP Prison
play.theoceanforest.com;Ocean Forest Factions
192.95.29.31:25597;ThePotatoNetwork
mc.wolvespower.net:12816;WolvesRaid
play.piggycraft.us.to;PiggyCraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
zebu.la;Zebula
5.9.142.119:25628;CityPVP 
factions.franklingaming.org;Franklin Gaming Factions
assassinscraft.sytes.net;Assassins Girl Craft
192.99.149.167:26266;Universal Network
opnoob.mc-srv.com;Aqua PvP
eridium.ex.gg;The Vault
162.244.164.11:26550;Huss Network
play.skylarkmc.net;SkylarkMC
Lucidmc.com;LucidMC
CrummyPvp.com;CrummyPvp
play.ultrapvp.us.to;Ultra Pvp
play.dopefactions.com;DopeFactions
104.243.36.206;Project64
162.244.164.21:45182;PinaCraft
manorrealms.beastmc.com;Manor Realms
play.craftofclans.net;Craft Of Clans
play.minelc.com;trackster
archangelpvp.cubed.pro;ArchangelPvp
158.69.118.220:25654;Pure Michigan PvE
adventurecraft.apexmc1.co;AdventureCraft
hub.melonland.eu;MelonLand Network
play.hyperminers.com;HyperMiners
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
79.124.56.50:25568;QualityCraft PvP Survival
93.186.192.54:26734;Minetopia 24/7
51.255.6.136;HelixNetwork
PhoenixCraft.serv.nu;cormaster123
play.firelightmc.eu;FireLight MC Factions
23.235.234.50;OblivionMcReborn
elitecraft.co.uk:26088;EliteCraft OP-Prison
dragonkingdoms.mcph.co;Dragon Kings
sectarian.mcraft.nl;Sectariancraft
play.thecodexnetwork.com;The Codex Network
mc.Heavensforge.de;Heavensforge
s12.HostHorde.com:25814;DeathGear
play.eliteunit.org;EliteUnit
37.187.134.194:29131;Just a server
raidhc.fluctis.com;RaidHC
GS63.swifthosting.dk:25597;GetRektKitPvp
play.rebelage.org;Rebel age
play.rebelage.org;Rebel age
play.rebelage.org;Rebel age
play.rebelage.org;Rebel age
play.rebelage.org;Rebel age
play.rebelage.org;Rebel age
192.99.44.131:27357;HydraCraft
s20.minespan.com:26317;Tales Of Champions
op-cloud.org;OPCloud
play.brickcraft.us;Brickcraft
vanguard.nitrous.it;VanGuard Factions
rghd.servermc.nl;RGHD Kingdom
venomcraft.pw;Venom Craft
op-cloud.org;OPCloud KitPvP
76.72.172.240:25692;MineArch
108.163.196.111;Eternity Factions
Ravenwood.mcserver.ws;Ravenwood
op-cloud.org;OPC OPCloud
192.99.20.208:29273;SkillzCraftMC Needs Staff
play.mineblur.com;Mineblur
62.57.147.187;Creative Server ABF
intercube.minecraft.to;intercube Network
MKFactions.nitrous.it;MineKingdom Factions
chemicalpvp.com;ChemicalPvP
mc.platinumverse.net;Platinum Verse
play.icy-factions.com;IcyFactions
s2.hosthorde.com:25945;JettCraft
starwars-mc.net;StarWars-MC
fusionprison.tk;FusionPrison
op-cloud.org;OPClouds
MKFactions.nitrous.it;MKFactions
mc.papucraft.xyz;PapuCraft
play.havocheaven.com;Havoc Haven
pvp.remixfactions.com;RemixSkyBlock
cc.minecraft.is;cc pvp
162.216.17.192;The Hard Block Life
prosper.mcph.co:40737;ProsperMC
prosper.mcph.co:40737;ProsperMC
Thunderift.fluctis.com;Thunderift
ip.nitacraft.com;Nitacraft
Play.spectrusmc.com;SpectrusMC
37.187.148.149:26940;Bleach Soul Conqueror Server -BleachRPG-
158.69.122.94:25579;PorcaTerra
79.124.56.51:25568;InfinitiGamingBG
play.berserkpvp.com;BerserkPvP
play.fuze-mc.net;FuzeMC
Latinflux.us;Latinflux
RektPvp.gamename.net;RektPVP
lunaria.minecraft.ms;Lunaria
104.194.11.18:25590;HellRaiserFactions
s24.hosthorde.com:25896;Gentlemans-Craft
mc.falskaar.com;Falskaar
167.114.173.114:25580;CakeCentral
gangsterlove.ddns.net:25577;HellaBandz
mc.iplay.bg;Minecraft iPlay BG
188.241.14.92;MazeCraft
Play.HytreezMC.Com:10200;HytreezMC
158.85.102.106:65479;Serenity Craft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
mc.stoneland.es;Stoneland
sapphiredrugs.mcph.co;Sapphiredrugs
planetplatinumcraft.nitrous.it:25599;PlanetPlatinumCraft
46.105.111.32:28650;NexeonMC
next.gamehosting.it;Next
ExtraMC.mcph.co:25947;ExtraMC
mc.planetbn.com;PlanetBrunei
playinggamesnl.mcplay.nl:26936;PlayingGamesNL
play.peeveepee.net;PeeVeePee
213.239.202.156:25629;BjorneCraft
158.69.118.234:25575;TrippyCraft
mc.urbanfactions.com;Urban Factions
167.114.104.152;Hyperion Network
bloodempires.mymc.io;Blood Empires
192.99.173.184;SurboCraft
149.202.74.145:25594;AtomikExtendedFreedom
94.23.203.159:25651;BalkanCraft SkyPvP
play.thecraftersguild.net;The Crafters Guild
unstablenetwork.serveminecraft.net;UnstableNetwork
192.99.20.205:41746;DethBlud.myserver.gs
mc.impeerium-mc.eu;Impeerium minecraft server
209.105.238.34;MACCraft
167.114.156.62:28041;Sticks And Stones
209.133.206.18:26366;CactusMC
198.24.171.34:28660;johnny
animalclub.playsrv.nl;AnimalClub
158.69.55.118:25572;Serapyte
EcoGaming.Mcpro.Co;EcoGaming.Mcpro.Co
buildcraft.mc-server.net:25580;BuildCraft
MithrasPvp.mcph.co;Mithraspvp
play.pepelands.com;Pepe Lands
72.10.3.165;Revoluion Craft Network
reforged.tekkify.com;Tekkify Reforged
mc.cuddl.es;Cuddles Server
play.darksoulcraft.com;DarkSoulCraft
Play.GalaxyPrison.com;GalaxyPrison
play.collisionnetwork.net:27000;Collision Network
188.165.250.107:25580;Wizit Factions
mc.thespex.net:25567;SpexMC OP Prison
85.190.147.156;PlatiumCraft.Minecraft.to
ForgottenLegacy.shockbyte.com;DivKillaThunder
RPG.exq-gaming.de:4444;Exquisite Gaming RPG
mc.abruptive.com;Abruptive
play.kattcraft.com;KattCraft
TheReneGade.server-minecraft.pro;TheRenegadeFactions
198.27.111.166;Aurora Kingdom
192.99.149.167:26206;Proximity
ultraverse.mcpro.co;UltraVerse
pvping.xyz;PvpingXYZ
opanarchy.com;opanarchy.com
192.99.20.44:26114;VengeLand
198.24.175.34:52272;Nukeboy300s Epic Server
Us.Playopgods.net;Opgods
beta.mcpure.net;McPure
Simplicity.noip.me;Simplicity MMORPG
catalystcraft.zapto.org;CatalystCraft Free OP
167.114.102.199:28116;GrimFactions
162.244.167.81:60581;VoidCows
gattacagaming.mcph.co;Gattaca Gaming
gocarrt.mcpro.co;Gocarrt
SuomiHub.net9.fi;SuomiHub
minebrawl.org;whileloop
therustyplanet.mcsrv.pw;The Rusty Planet
mc.tropicraft.es;TropiCraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
162.245.0.49:25566;Nightmare PVP
play.celticnetwork.nl;CelticNetwork (1 januari open)
brosis.provisionhost.com;Brosis Factions
mineclassic.dmch.nl:25699;MineClassic
slashorburn.mcph.co;Slash Or Burn
play.elementalrealms.net;Elemental Realms
93.186.200.170;Play.AlphaGoodKill.Ro
play.mcskyblock.org;Minecraft Skyblock
167.114.156.212:25876;Mechunk Mega Modpack
opticsb.com;Optic Skyblock
rsmv.net;Pie Minecraft Server
Play.RenterCraft.Com;RenterCraft
omega.shockbyte.com;Omega Network
5.255.85.210:26483;ragecraft
xablau.verygames.net;XablauCraft
185.114.156.249:26873;DarkStarGames
foreignhub.mcph.co;Foreign Network
opbukkit.mcph.co:6174;OpBukkit
play.fullpvpcraft.net;FullCraftPvp
server.thefortressmc.net:25585;TheFortress
mc.magoocraft.net;MagooCraft SkyFactory
MCMobsters.com;MobstersMC
primetimemc.xyz;PrimeTimeMC
yohoho.us;Plunder
198.50.207.68;EnderGames
thecoop.mcph.co;TheCoopMc
FadeAwayPvP.COM;FadeAwayPvP 
pvp.panichcf.com;Panic HCF
play.erisy.fr;ERISY
s4.hosthorde.com:26178;the ice nerwork
s6.minespan.com:25816;UnitedMC
play.square1prison.com;SquareOne OP Prison
fight.mcffa.net;mcFFA - Looking for Staff
162.244.165.151:30010;AmendCraft
databasemc.xyz;DataBaseMc
play.arsenalmc.net;ArsenalMC
play.zeuspvp.us;ZeusPvP v2
kfpvp.mcpro.co;Killer-FactionsPvP
ninomotomovies.minecraft.gs;NinomotoMovies
198.143.147.36;ColdMc
gamebitmc.tk:27524;GameBit
sandbox03.mtxserv.fr:27640;Minigames server BETA
play.utopiancraft.com;UtopianCraft
craftplay.wizithosting.com;CraftPlay
play.windiamc.com;Land of Windia
play.primitivefactions.net;Primitive Factions
xinfinitelivesx.mcph.co;InfiniteLives Official Server
kineticraft.net;Kineticraft Vanilla
162.244.164.11:48926;WitherLand
192.99.200.20:25564;JetCataCraft
mccrits.com;McCrits
play.mytheria.net:30124;Mytheria Network - Factions
teamuhc.com;Team UHC
sakurapvp.mc-server.net;SakuraPvP
192.99.19.45;KitKats Factions
beast.craft.net.br;BeastCraft
Hypecraft.mygs.co;hypecraft
play.gmslminecraft.com;Gmsl Network
dirtcraft.apexmc2.co;DirtCraft
37.187.153.35:25580;BuildCraft
85.114.135.241:26106;OmegaMC
185.38.149.55:25582;Darthon
188.165.158.161:25797;KickBack Factions
mc34.crew.sk:25568;GenesisGame
Pro.mcpro.co;BendingRPG
TacticalNation.mcjoin.eu;TacticalNation
mc.OPION.org;Opion
play.whickmc.eu;WhickMC
HazedPvP.net;HazedPvP
shutdownmc.mcph.co;ShutdownMC
deniedpvp.co:25683;DeniedPvP two.o
play.moosepvp.com;MoosePvP
37.187.137.142:25603;Undercraft
play.damnop.net;DamnOP Network
23.28.201.150:25566;Infinite Realms Raiding Factions
Chivas.nitrado.net;Chivas Survival
MCDragonWars.com;Dragon Wars
play.skyblock.nl;island pvp - a skyblock on water
158.85.102.107:41217;MonarchMisc
GamenMetDestiny.sbplay.nl;GamenMetDestiny Kingdom
192.99.125.87;Imperial Nations
185.38.148.169:25581;ProMasterPvP
192.99.20.76:25597;DawnStar Factions
play.rivwhall05.uk;EnderCloud
play.octave.pw;OctaveMC
104.128.52.216;EternalPVE
192.99.150.95:41052;ClansMC
149.202.64.88:25566;MultiMexPvP
offensiveinsight.com;Yoca
jesusfreakserver.ddns.net:6001;Jesus Freaks Server
192.99.21.75:28598;FueledPvP
AuxioPvP.com;AuxioPvP
stonenetwork.mcpro.co;StonenetworkNL
play.craftofclans.net;williammessina04
192.99.18.69:25986;Viium PrisonMC
ubercloud.mcpro.co;UberCloud Factions
play.fyre.ga;Ignis
play.pvpmastercraft.com;MastercraftPvP
mc.kravepvp.net;KravePvP
192.99.149.167:25581;AnthraxMC
167.114.119.78:25587;PsycoticMC
VirtualRealmz.fadehost.com;VirtualRealmz
158.69.226.41:25596;Butter Scotch Craft
omcolorful.world;Animecraft.com
149.202.69.132:41898;Rave Craft
pixels.mchost.pro;Pixels Component
s8.minespan.com:26097;PineappleCraft
keepupcraft.nitrous.it;KeepUpCraft
185.38.148.169:25575;TreeCrafting Network
51.254.119.119;minecraft.id.lv
50.255.200.234;Palladium
169.249.170.31:25589;BruceCraft
185.114.224.48:25566;cheeky trinity
Elitecraftpt.ddns.net;YouCraftz
factionarmies.mcpro.co;FactionArmies
skyhub.serv.nu;Sky Hub
mc.founderspvp.net;FoundersPvp Network
endercraft.g-s.nu;EnderCraft Eesti
play.minecraftph.us.to;Minecraft-PH
37.187.150.162:26183;Community Vanilla
play.rainmc.com;RainMC
176.227.212.26:25653;VeloxicMC
185.28.189.138:48738;mynamesjeff
188.165.226.119:25633;CoolcraftPvP
epicfantasy.serveminecraft.net;Epic fantasy  server
167.114.221.85;ArmedMc Factions
62.210.100.242:25835;KingdomSMC
mcultimatesurvival.zapto.org;Ultimate Survival Minecraft Server
play.fullpvpcraft.net;FullPvPCraft
play.hypixel.net;Legolas007
mc.uhc.zone;Legolas007
play.ironaxe.com:25847;Iron Axe
mc.vivacherealms.net;Vivache Realms
23.95.116.12;Halcyon Survival
mc.fusioncraft.it;FusionCraft
162.244.165.1:33726;socialpvp.net
192.99.21.47:25603;DestNetWork
185.87.20.236;BuildPrison
play.coalitionfactions.com:25599;Coalition Factions
158.69.126.32;KronaKraft NEW Player Servers
infinirealms.uberpanel.us:25566;Infini Realms Faction
85.236.100.118:30165;ChickenCraft
162.244.164.11:42467;MelonCraft
198.24.169.66;LegitMc
212.83.139.143:25577;CanonNetwork
mc-legioncraft.com;Legion Craft
sys30224.leet.cc:30679;SkyLimitPvP
atlas.dsv.su.se;TrekerCraft
Factionpro.mcph.co;Factionpro
enderslime.serverminer.com:26490;EnderSlime Survival
play.razorstorm.net;RazorStorm Factions
198.24.162.90:52983;PvPExcite
Maincraft.mcserv.pro;MainCraft (Faction-Skyblock-Plotme)
riftguilds.mcph.co:43435;RiftGuilds
167.114.211.204:25599;OP Factions
184.95.42.170:43435;RiftGuilds
play.venommc.co;VenomMC
s7.minespan.com:25746;BamboozledMC
76.72.172.232:25774;RedKeepPvP
a1.wolfhg.desirehost.net;WolfHg
mc.vivacherealms.net;Vivache Realms
5.62.126.137:11600;McKing
SUPERmc.mcraft.pro;SuperMinecraftGames
play.magicprison.com;MagicPrison
192.99.44.40:25576;OptixCraft
mc.minevision.eu;MineVision NetWork
AmethystMC.net;AmethystMC
tamago.ml;Tamago Network
192.99.147.86:25639;MoosePvP
192.99.147.86:25639;MoosePvP
158.69.216.59;Milky Mines
192.99.147.86:25639;MoosePvP
KolapoCraft.com;ItsKolapo
explicitpvp.mooo.com:25573;Explicit PvP
mc.verbalcraft.com;Verbalcraft
enderfactions.ddns.net;EnderCraft Factions
TitanDistrict.mcpro.co;Titan District
sexykits.xyz;SexyHCF
185.38.148.75:25580;Survival Of The Fittest
enderbox.pl;ENDERBOX
37.187.137.213:25688;XTOP
162.244.165.161:48314;JcrewNetwork
bitnetwork.khplay.nl;BitNetwork
185.28.188.143;mc.OPNetwork.net
158.69.97.175;Void Prison
108.178.3.168;ReignCraft
198.24.180.213;Arms Wide Open
play.virtuemc.com;VirtueMC
167.114.118.218:25579;Pro Network
167.114.119.95:25611;AntCraft Survival
Insanity-mc.mcph.co;InsanityMC
farplay.mcph.co;Farplay
play.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
luckyfaction.mcph.co;Lucky Faction Op-Faction
mc.blockaddicts.net;BlockAddicts
puissant.mcph.co;PuissantMC
Prison.mygs.co;FlameyFactions
198.143.139.110;Sheep casnio win bitcoin
MC.TemptStone.com;Tempt Stone
99.198.120.94;Anarchy minecraft server
thebrandocraft.myserver.gs;BrandoCraft
kylecraftmc.serv.nu;kylecraftmc we need staff
ExpoGaming.serv.nu;Expo Gaming
jogar.pocketcraft.cf;PocketCraft
167.114.102.150:25958;GoldenPvP
99.198.120.94;Anarchy minecraft server
LegendsCore.mcph.co;LegendsCore
ExpoGaming.serv.nu;ExpoGaming Network / Needs Lots of Staff
play.blackgatepvp.com:25568;BlackGateMC
s6.minespan.com:26253;Fluffys Minecraft Server
mc.hostgame.ro;Mc.HostGame.Ro
tower-network.no-ip.org;TrowerNetwork
DexCraft.de;DexCraft.de
s4.hosthorde.com:26263;Banshees Realm
198.24.165.154:40053;MagCraft
149.202.70.151:25745;RoyalMC
pvp.abruptive.com;Abruptive Factions
85.236.100.118:30165;Chicken Freedom
192.95.30.197:26643;Implying minecraft is fun
Mystica.beastmc.com;Mystica
crucialcraft.fluctis.com;CrucialCraft
87.98.170.139;envucraft
eyroncraft.mcpro.co;EyronCraft
s4.hosthorde.com:26214;Bud Bros Towny server
s4.hosthorde.com:26259;ChaoticCraft
hieu147.luckyprison.com;clq
play.mcelectrode.com;Electrode
FluxyCraft.net;FluxyCraft
174.138.171.122:51452;HypryCraft
yaricraft.com;Yaricraft
play.wondersland.net;Wonders Land
mc.novagaming.co.uk;NovaGaming
mc.fatalcraft.net;FatalCraftNetwork
play.eternalpvp.tk;EternalPvP
158.69.226.10:25592;Vertacil Factions
Play.Gapple.net;Gapple PVP
99.198.120.94;xXPizzaMonstaXx
158.69.117.100:25679;CraftionRealm
Dat.mcph.co;DatFactions
weblab360.com;Feathercraft
eternityprison.fadehost.com;Eternity prison
91.121.108.83:25567;TheRoyalGamers
royalkingdom.no-ip.org;Royalkingdom
survivalcraft.ignorelist.com;The SurvivalCraft Network
hub.obbypvp.com;ObbyPvP
167.114.116.146:25664;LucidityPvP
5.135.41.129:25901;RubbleCraft
mc.mastercraftnetwork.com;MasterCraftNetwork
pixel.serv.nu;Pixel Factions
killercraftnetwork.com;KillerCraftNetwork OP SkyBlock
therepublicmc.com;Republic MC
killercraftnetwork.com;KillerNetwork / Needs Lots Of Staff
185.114.224.42;HavocCraft
167.114.118.194:25939;Frosty Factions
162.255.214.30;AsterCraft
crazy.413.io:25666;CrazyMC
37.187.159.40:28781;Mc Gods
173.236.104.107;Renegade PvP
skypvp.xyz;SkyPvP
krakentowns.fluctis.com;KrakenGaming
duskynetwork.mcph.co;DuskyNetwork
elemental.beastmc.com;ElementalCraft
server.figytuna.com;Buttonverse MC
173.236.63.156:25585;ExoticCraft
192.99.38.43:28383;FlavoFactions
s6.minespan.com:26311;We Need Staff / Co Owners etc
198.24.160.34:29225;FauxGrove
sandbox03.mtxserv.fr:27640;pvp faction
158.69.226.219:40956;JLCity.serv.nu
play.vitrolicpvp.us;VitrolicPvP 2.0
192.95.29.102:26965;ProGums
pvp.oldage.cf;OldAge
198.143.142.238:25585;Exotic Factions
167.114.159.136:25587;MigratedCraft
5.255.85.217:26296;GameZNetwork
37.59.89.64:30549;UltimateXraft
51.254.44.202:25575;Valos Town
destiny-craft.mcpro.co;Destiny Craft
originals.beastmc.com;Originals Minecraft Server
mc.playcactuscraft.com:25655;Cactus Factions
play.Pvp-adventures.net;Pvp-Adventures 
217.123.71.154:25560;KaiseCraft
mc.game-storm.com;Game-Storm.com Minecraft Server
MoonCraft.crafted.pro;Moon Craft
192.99.149.171:26126;VuduFactions
ivory.mc-server.net:25584;Ivory Faction
hellenicpvp.net;hellenicpvp
80.82.209.98:26946;Minetopia server
voxapvp.org;VoxaPVP
CraftRices.Nitrado.NET;CraftRices
play.HeliosFactions.com;HeliosFactions
mc.theplaguewall.com;The Plague Wall
darkrealm.apexmc2.co:25717;DarkRealm
Vortexplay.mcserver.ws:28057;vortexplay
lightningcraft.factions.ws;LightningCraft
198.24.169.66:55690;AngelFalls
mybecraft.mcpro.co;MybeCraft
b7.lionhost.org:25566;Toxic Rabbits
188.165.198.106:27584;Shaded Factions
37.59.209.192:25969;SwapCraft | IP swapcraft.tk
baseteq.mcpro.co;Baseteq City (New Year Special)
nordicnetwork.mcpro.eu;NordicNetwork
192.99.20.99:25623;Dougle
SubZeroDimension.com;SubZeroDimension
playmc.mx;play.mc.mx
167.114.100.156:25571;BeetleCraft
encryptedmc.mc-srv.com;Encrypted Network
167.114.0.221:25924;Minecraft Mayhem
us.PanPany.com;PanPany
epikmc.ml:3017;EpikMc
185.87.20.105;MegaMC
play.biopvp.net;BioPVP
192.99.150.117:25887;TimeWarp
99.198.120.69:25585;DawnCraft
Thesolargamespro.serv.nu;TheSolarGamesPro.serv.nu
keopipvp.us;KeopiPvP
108.170.15.242;LZCorp Craft
185.100.223.2:25725;TargetCraft
Epicenter.mcserver.ws:25796;Epicenter Paintball
158.69.226.11:25612;kaze Minecraft
play.jotacraft.eu;Jota Craft
play.centralnetmc.com;CentralPrison
SinPrison.net;Sin Prison
158.69.225.12:25624;MineHorde - Factions
toxicempire.mcph.co;Toxic Empire
Outraged.us.to;OutRaged Factions
Play.the-void-mc.com;Void Factions
216.126.195.58:25566;Metro Games
narknetwork.mcph.co;NarkNetwork
s4.hosthorde.com:26266;Sloths Community
mceclipsepvp.mcph.co;EclipsePvP
37.187.159.40:28781;Mc Gods
minepvppuro.noip.me;Crafteos ibericos premium
BlazePlex.mcraft.pro:26439;BlazePlex
149.202.64.88:25566;MultiMEXXXX
Node40.Minecrafted.net:25623;Destro Zone
BowLord.McPh.Co;BowLord Horse Kit PvP
85.155.57.201;Fantasy-Minecraft
wyverncore.no-ip.org;Wyverncore
hub.legonetwork.com;LegoNetwork
69.175.38.165:25587;Penguin Craft
play.stepcraftmc.com;StepCraft
rushcraft.co;RushCraft SkyWars
24.31.172.218;SmasherKingdom
Flawless.mpgs.us;Flawless factions
devourpvp.net;DevourPVP
play.minelc.com;DuckCraft
play.jackpotcraft.net;Jackpot Craft
mc.phantoworks.com;PhantoWorks City Roleplay
play.elveronmc.com;Elveron
23.95.49.94;Craftaire
mc.corcaminc.com;GorillaCraft
xgiantxcraftx.mcpro.co;xgiantxcraftx
ElectriteNetwork.com;ElectriteNetwork 
158.69.122.94:25599;OptimizedMc
119.252.190.139:25575;Oceanic Survival
172.245.129.71:25595;Arkane Gaming
ripfactions.com;RipFactions
Survival-Central.com;Survival Central
mc.heavenhcf.me;HeavenHCF
5.255.70.76:26451;Bandit Network Towny NL
play.laggycraft.com;LaggyCraft
play.exoticprison.net;Exotic Prison
mc.survivaloverdose.net;Survival Overdose
188.165.28.187;TurkOyuncuMC
mc.technicalhcf.com;TechnicalHCF
scorpiaofficial.beastmc.com;Scorpia
151.80.78.209:30737;UberMines
84.200.7.10:28910;Survival Kings
37.187.134.28:25568;ForestNation
Play.minedroid.co;MineDroid OP-Prison
play.heavenmc.com;HeavenMC
198.20.111.167:25586;newchaincraft
mc.zombiemine.ru;ZombieMine
91.225.104.209;SkyBlock Wars
crimnet.xyz;CrimNetwork
188.40.136.195:25613;BlazeKITPVP
play.betahost.nl:9006;TostiServer
158.69.226.10:25571;TheArcadeCraft
62.141.42.133;G69
mc.arcaneeu.co.uk;Archane MC
play.axelpvp.eu;Axelcraft PVP
michcraft.dynu.net;MichCraft
mc.theartex.net;The Artex Network
167.114.101.117:25584;IronCore Network
alpha.kaashosting.nl:27872;Munterdam
smpmc.net;SmpMc
play.mythicpvp.us;MysticPvP
FreeToMine.mcraft.pro:27181;FreeToMine
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
flawless.mpgs.us;Flawless Pvp
37.187.148.41;Star Craft
play.mhcraft.nl;VoxelCraft Games
ReadyCraft.zapto.org;ReadyCraft
play.chemiclab.com;ChemicLab
ThePixelMC.playsrv.nl;ThePixelMC
104.207.141.25:10120;Blazecraft Inflated 
198.15.107.165;VirtualRealmz Factions
5.196.185.31;NWP
renisworld.dynu.com;Renis World
167.114.209.21:25829;HybridPvp
mc.SkyMania.us;SkyMania
37.187.254.137:40503;EnchantedRealmMC
play.totalmcnetwork.eu;Total MC Network
scorpiaofficial.beastmc.com;Scorpia
scorpiaofficial.beastmc.com;Scorpia
scorpiaofficial.beastmc.com;Scorpia
mc.phalix.net;Phalix Network
play.craftedraidz.net:57369;CraftedRaidz
us.turbominemc.com;TurboMineMC Network
TitanicPVP.tk;Titanic PvP
85.214.26.55;BrickCraftGames
s24.hosthorde.com:25606;UrbemCraft
100.9.198.220;Keep Inventory Free Roam Server
epicplaycraft.uk.to;EpicPlayCraft
mc.boredcraft.co.uk;BoredCraft
s2.minespan.com:26250;MoltenTornado
gameingcraft.mcpro.co;Gamingcraft
IceKingDom.Mcph.Co;IceKingDom
play.gingercraft.us;GingerCraft
mc.tdxcraft.com;TDx Craft
prismcraft.net;PrismCraft
Crackdown.mcpro.co;Crackdown Prison
gamios.de:25568;Gamios.de
play.valleyofworlds.com;Valley of Worlds - Unique Network
65.60.0.180;TNT-Craft Factions Server
107.6.189.60:25585;JLowePVP
NovaNetwork.mcph.co;NovaNetwork
combatchaos.playminecraft.tk:27965;CombatChaos
leafmine.playmc.co;LeafServer
158.69.31.1;Skylife Skyblock Server
37.187.150.162:26166;EfsanelerDiyari
162.244.165.151:63725;Wreqagecraft Factions
mc.minerisepvp.net;Minerise
nuffnuff.crafted.pro;Nuff Nuff Gaming
XuloClan.mcpro.co;Xulo Clan
Play.SpyCraft.Ro;SpyCraft Romania
server.mcmodhk.com;MCMODHK
trippycraft.com:25575;TrippyCraft
Woohoocraft.com;Harley
Mccentral.crafted.pro;mc central
185.38.148.152:25577;FrozenCraftUK | Creative | Plotme | Beta
198.24.170.146:26979;Fantasy RPG
play.axelpvp.eu;AxelPvP
198.27.80.83:43347;LaxCraft Hub
94.23.24.12:25567;Enzoknol fanserver
green.epicminetime.com;EpicMineTime Green
5.255.85.206:28989;Bomboclat
projectalpha.es;projectalpha
mc-central.net:55067;mc central
explicitpvp.mooo.com:25573;Explicit PvP
play.fantabobworld.com;Modern-City
ManjuPrison.mcph.co;Manju Prison
crunchcraft.mcpro.co;Crunchy Prison
62.141.42.133;G69
216.126.195.58:25566;Metro Games Sever
Play.superiorcraftmc.com;SuperiorMC
62.141.42.133;G69
melonblock.mcpro.co;MelonBlock
play.furiouscraft.info;Furiouscraft Potion PVP Factions Mcmmo
pandamonium.nitrous.it:25599;pandamonium
mc.flareorbit.com;Flare Orbit
tekkit.crazycrafters.de;CrazyCrafters - Tekkit Lite
wyverncreativeserver.info;Wyvern Creative
81.227.170.73;BlockDomain
fusionfactions.playop.net;FusionFactions
jwsurvival.serveminecraft.net:65535;JwSurvival
bayc.cjburkey.com;Build All Ya Can II
hub.royalplex.eu;RoyalPlex
towny.jethronia.com;Jethronia 
play.the-void-mc.com;TheVoidMC
darkrealm.apexmc2.co;Darkrealm
savageunited.mine.bz:27664;SavageUnited Pixelmon
s7.minespan.com:26138;CraftOholic server
play.epicskyblock.tk;EpicSkyBlock
93.114.82.202;SlimeArmy
Node41.Minecrafted.net:25817;CelestialPvP
167.114.102.154:25576;InterWorld MC
mc.eclat.lv;Eclat
play.aggroth.com;Aggroth
mc.optimumcloud.net;OptimumCloud
5.255.85.210:26482;SandCraft
play.mythologymc.net;MythologyMC
162.244.164.61:37793;HexaCraft
167.114.173.225:25594;LemonCraft
176.227.212.26:25653;VeloxicMC
galacticfaction.net:26927;Galactic Factions
upblock.serverminer.com;UpBlock Creative
24.62.34.119;SullyCraft
maxedcraft.com;MaxedCraft
fallingfeathers.mcph.co;Falling Feathers
198.27.112.209;Xuaria Nation
162.223.9.66:25856;Engregade
mc.hearthigen.com;Hearthigen Realm of Darkness
198.27.68.137:25608;LuneVis
pvpnest.mcph.co;PvP Nest Factions Prison Skyblock
mc.irisnetwork.us;Iris Network
149.202.82.50:25979;Swag Survival
s20.minespan.com:26388;DojeCraft
162.213.42.184:25968;Sponser-Search
GrimmRealm.myserver.gs;GrimmRealm
s19.minespan.com:25601;The Lewbies
DankCraft.tk;DankCraft
108.61.184.122:10190;Veiradia Craft
diyecon.net;DIYEconomy
lunarcraft.beastmc.com;Lunarcraft
37.228.133.34;HydoCraft
5.255.85.209:25989;Prozeedcraft
mc-warriorcraft.ml:27710;WarriorCraft
Just2Craft.fr;Just2Craft
mc.enemby.com;Security Limited
PrisonEmpire.mcph.co;Prison Empire
192.99.173.177;DEAD PvP
mcw1.stephanfranck.eu;MC-FUN
167.114.118.143:25577;VapidVerse
play.volt-mc.tk:25777;VoltMC
flamingicecraft.hosthorde.net;FlamingIceCraft
149.202.64.7:25643;KryHex
mc.stygianmc.com;StygianMC
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
minecraftia.fluctis.com:26037;Minecraftia PvP
countercraft-pixelfps.net;Countercraft-PixelFps
198.24.180.214;SkyWorld
mc.minerisepvp.net;MineRisePvP
mc.minerisepvp.net;MineRisePvP
mc.mineplaza.co;MinePlaza
198.24.171.42:43731;Stonehelm
5.255.85.204:26273;SoulcraftMC
twistedbranches.factions.ws:25828;TwistedBranches Factions
s19.minespan.com:25807;Lgbt Furry Fandom
craftonia-survival.nitrous.it;Craftonia Survival 
rsmv.net;rsmv
play.nationsmc.org;craft of clans
dankcraft.us;Dankcraft
hmandragon.beastmc.com:25585;Hman Dragon
s10.minespan.com:26341;Warcraft Kit-pvp
69.175.55.53;GrayCraft
milkeyservers.com;Milkey Servers
192.99.46.220:26180;Hidden Nation
mc.thenova.net;escaiwars
SB-Central.com;JEAnimalQueen Rules
158.69.116.80:40554;Cosmic Survival
mc.e-trail.xyz;E-Trail Network
mc.voltaage.com;Voltaage
herromc.mc-shock.com;HerroMC
Wagoncraft.no-ip.org:26063;Wagoncraft
167.114.118.194:25904;Resimare
FlareDistrict.mcpro.co;FlareDistrict
icebreak.mcph.eu;Ice Break
phoenixrealms.beastmc.com;Phoenix Realms
s8.hosthorde.com:26153;LeadCraft Simply Survival
play.alexsoft-bg.com;IceCraft
uprisingnetwork.primedtnt.com;Uprising Network
142.4.218.208:25729;Homeless Country
24.78.8.95;InHuman HardCore PVP
play.dorpp-pvp.com;Dorpp PvP
mc.survivaldub.com;NewMaxCraft
Aztekgoldmct2.connectminecraft.com;AztekMc
play.au-universe.net;AuUniverse Survival
crundee.milspecsg.com:25572;MilSpecSG CrundeeCraft
198.27.82.46:25333;McCentral
play.synthcraft.com;Synthcraft
5.196.55.2:25576;StallGraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
gapple-network.ddns.net;Gapple-Network
222.118.65.90;RES
bitnetwork.khplay.nl;bitnetwork bullet phase pixelmon
clanksrustmc.game.nfoservers.com;Peen Craft
149.202.69.132:40443;BTM - Minigames
91.121.151.195:25570;EtherCraft
snibble.mcph.co;SnibbleCraft
188.212.102.90;Play.BlazedMC.Ro
livingpixels.mcph.co:62193;Living Pixels
149.202.235.103;GriechenlandMC
Laamacraft.net9.fi;Laamacraft
MacroPrison.mcph.co;MacroPrison
69.175.74.73:25585;FlamingoCraft
Royalflixes.ml:26089;Royalflixes
mc.project-z.co.uk;Project Zenith
play.deadmancraft.com;DeadmanCraft
159.8.75.38:41194;Coteriea
siegecraft.org;Siegecraft
theBribersmarket.mooo.com;Delilahs Den
198.24.171.90:57405;StainedNetwork
198.100.146.228:25712;VintageVille
158.69.226.219:40274;CoolCraft
mcwarside.com;warside
167.114.116.145:25877;LunaVille
LogicalMc.game.nfoservers.com;Logical MC
76.72.172.240:25692;MineArchMC.com
factionsprime.mcpro.co;Factions Prime
argoncraft.noip.me;ArgonCraft
play.vipercraft.net;Viper Craft
192.99.17.180:28176;MarvelUniverse
s16.minespan.com:26536;PeaceNation 
37.187.148.41;Xcraft
184.154.143.140;Flintcraft
lilcraftmc.mcpro.co;lilCraftMC
Sizable.myserver.gs;SizablePvP
s4.hosthorde.com:26316;Herofactions
mc.merlin-craft.com;MerlinCraft
158.69.124.205:25566;Noctus Andora Roleplay
23.95.34.179;Charged Realms
play.BlitzkriegPvP.com;BlitzkriegPvP
MountPvp.mcph.co:29816;MountPvp
us01.omgserv.com:12920;Exile factions
Play.SwordsOnline.Net;SwordsOnline
Takeover.mcph.co;Takeover
192.99.19.186:25675;OblivionZentrik
play.bedrockgaming.net;Bedrock Gaming Need Staff
mc.ChaosOP.net;ChaosOP
167.114.156.60:25890;ThePokedexMc
Goochmob.com;GoochMob
playmiddleworld.com;MiddleWorld
watcraft.playbr.net;WatCraft
play.pvp-realms.net;PvP Realms
168.1.74.11;Eclipse Network
199.187.127.139:25814;Ultimate Realm Games
s29.hosthorde.com:25980;AkamePvP
play.beneluxcraft.nl:26044;BeneluxCraft
X-Craft.mcph.co;X-Craft
play.pvp-realms.net;PvP Realms
play.limecraftmc.com;LimeCraft
107.6.164.110:25586;Skyblock ABC
siege-defence.mcph.co;Siege Defence
5.39.36.28;Elite Warriors Minecraft Server
pitek.theunknowngaming.com;PiTek 2.0
drive4speed.com;Op Survival
192.99.44.123:36706;Population Square
onebignation.net;OneBigNationNetworks
kogupvp.playbr.net;KoguPvP
5.200.23.161:26129;MineFactions
107.147.107.135;Dimension Wars
198.100.146.228:25712;VintageCraft
mc.sleepspark.com;Spark Industries
185.56.136.44:40128;Heroes Of The North
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
server.tiltedcartridge.co.uk;Tilted Craft
158.69.124.205;Titan Network
titanmc.net;titanmc
45.58.117.173;MineVille Factions
play.hardcraftmc.com;Hardcraft 
Nuclearpvp.tk:28511;NuclearPvp
104.128.52.163:26477;CraftedNexus
pr.survivaldub.com;Survivaldub Premium
Cameroncraft.myserver.gs;CameronCraft
167.114.91.109;MagzCraft
Mineropolis.com;Mineropolis NetWork
TheRepublicmc.com;TheRepublic
play.twitchmc.com;TwitchMC
mc.voidmc.me;Void Factions
potatotreenetwork.fluctis.com;The PotatoTree Network
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
xXDarkEclipze123.myserver.gs;xXDarkEclipze123 Gaming
castle.mcpro.co;CastleMC
mc.aliacraft.net;ali-a
5.196.102.187;Crystal Drug Factions
PhoenixNet.mcpro.co;PhoenixNetwork
TatoMCprem.myserver.gs;NewCrafterer
pvp.Synthria.net;Intorious 
69.175.38.133:25585;MinimalistCraft
play.huddocraft.com;Huddocraft
pvp.gibikz.org;Gibikz Factions
221.121.142.180;DankNetworkMC
getrekt.thepropvp.com;Get Reky Network
93.186.196.154:26655;HazzardCraft
mckits.fi;McKits
5.196.102.187;Crystal Factions Drugs
85.114.140.59:26242;Minecity
connect.blockheads.ml;BlockHeads.ML
185.38.148.34:25583;TizzleCraft
play.provanas.com;Provanas
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
a11.lionhost.org;AxeCraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.impactfactions.com;Impact Factions
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
server.toverlandcraft.nl;ToverlandCraft
Play.HistoryCrafTR.com;HistoryCrafTR 
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.craftersland.ro;Crafting.
37.59.200.64:26085;PvPFaction
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
192.99.20.208:29273;SkillzCraftMc
167.114.117.231:26443;AlseCraft
exilepvp.gamename.net;ExilePVP
play.squadcraft.net;squadcraft
play.smackcraft.co;SmackCraft
play.EmojiMC.com;EmojiMC
159.8.75.38:64545;Majorkey
37.59.192.203;LuxuryCraft
spil.zijo.dk;ZIJOserveren
mc1.thebeasthosting.com:29717;MinotCraftMC
mc.agrcraft.com;AGRCraft
168.1.74.13:59133;DomainPVP
tensa.mcph.co;StainedNetwork/AnimeNetwork
play.minecentury.net:28016;MineCentury Network
pvp.itsdexterous.us:39475;DexterousMC
pvp.itsdexterous.us:39475;DexterousMC
Prison.mygs.co;Xtream Survival
sf-factions.mcpro.co;SkyFall Factions 
167.114.118.204:25669;KeyStoryCraft
96.127.169.252:25585;Septyr Survival
158.69.226.219:40274;CoolCraft 
192.99.38.164:27548;McSurvivalZone
108.204.166.11;The realm of Mianite
mc.galaxyfactions.us;GalaxyFaction
beta.pixelmoncraft.com;PixelmonCraft
firemaster39.myserver.gs;The Fire Pit
projecthprison.mcserver.ws;Project H Prison  Insanely OP Prison
167.114.119.146:25613;FunCraft
198.143.154.38;Mystic PvP
MysticalCraft.g-s.nu;Mystical-factions
Play.wc-mc.com;WreckedCrusade
ClutchFactions.aqn.us;Clutch Factions
mc.mafiacraft.net;McMafiaCraft123
198.24.173.178:45120;SimpleSurvival
play.opblocks.net;OP
5.196.102.187;Crystal Drugs
82.171.120.171;Bram Game Server
MageMC.serv.nu;MageMC
play.vextopia.com;Vextopia
Prison.mygs.co;Xtream Survival
minecraftonline.com;Force Team
kandakencraft.myserver.gs;KandaCraft
Sturmchicken.de;Sturmchicken
TheSnoozerCreepers.on.vg;SnoozerCreepers
5.19.173.226;free server with anything you want
CDSCraft.mooo.com;CDS Network
equicraft.de;Equicraft
ncc74656.no-ip.info;NCC 74656
167.114.159.141:25585;Storm Factions
206.221.187.229:25500;JPCraft
play.fourpathsmc.com;Four Paths
s24.hosthorde.com:25872;LegoCraft 5.0
craftnow.us.to;CraftNow
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
BrujosCraft.g-s.nu;EnderLand
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.hardcoreraids.com;Hardcore Raids
vcraft-factions.dynu.net;VenomCraft Factions
mystcraft.mcpro.eu;MystCraft
exilepvp.gamename.net;ExilePvp
play.shockedcraft.net;ShockedCraft
104.156.226.26:10070;GISD Team
GoldenScroll.cubed.pro:27161;Golden Scroll
5.10.110.100:33376;JARF
167.114.102.222:25602;FullMoon
Moltenpvp.g-s.nu:40560;Molten PVP
167.114.103.189:25835;Organic Craft
69.30.211.42:25584;Havoc Plains
axescraft.beastmc.com;AxesCraft
MageMC.serv.nu;MageMC
198.24.162.109;SubStraightpvp
167.114.101.57:25581;Astrocraft
play.cubecraft.net.;cubecraft
play.pwrpvp.com;PWRPVP
108.170.8.146:60511;nanocraft
wod.mc-srv.com;World of dnyce
167.114.172.108:25634;YesMc
162.213.41.36:25950;DominatePvp
192.99.21.111:25606;IceCraft
76.89.39.43:25566;BulletCraftMC
167.114.156.184:25590;Kiwi Survival
mc.diablogaming.org;Diablo Gaming
play.luckyprison.com;Lucky prison 
GoldenPvP.mygs.co;GoldenPvP Server
212.238.168.26;play.cachecraft.nl
MC-DR.NET;DreamRealm - Network
McBytopia.Net;ByTopia 
dudecraft.serv.nu;Dudecraft Network
159.8.75.36:54720;BicycleBC
192.99.38.169:40650;Indo Craft
vanilla.servegame.com;Vanilla reality
speedycraft.myserver.gs;Speedy Craft
purebloodpvp.apexmc2.co:25595;PureBlood Revamped
nuclearpvp.mcjoin.eu;Nuclearpvp
168.1.74.8;SugarCraft Need Staff
192.99.17.224:25723;Crowine Creative Server 24/7
5.255.85.214:25980;CityTown reallife server
rainbowpvp.axitrbilisim.com:1126;RainBowPVP
5.255.85.216:25987;Savagecraft
GS40.swifthosting.dk:25599;CowCraft
167.114.156.60:25894;TBNRkenwortk
mc27.eagle-craft.net;EagleCraft (Skyblock)
167.114.211.204:25579;ModernLands PC
192.99.176.194;FusionFactions-Finest Factions Ever
suncraft.serveminecraft.net;SunCraft
192.99.44.123:37229;Phoenix Craft
192.99.44.123:37229;MCXBPE
69.175.74.199;RedMagma Network
162.213.41.36:25950;DomainatePvp
play.kryptic-mc.net;KrypticMc
mc.urpvp.com;UltraRushPvP
play.wraithmc.com;WraithMC | New Server
158.69.28.181;gaminggoat
play.creativeuniversal.net;Creative Universal
ICreative.mcnode.net;ICreative
cubcraft.mcph.co;CubCraft
hub.optimusmc.info;OptimusMC
play.mechpvp.com;Mechanical Kits
alphastrike.mcserver.ws;Alpha Strike Flans Mod Server
pvp.rapidraids.com;Rapid Raids
167.114.118.218:25867;Panther Parks
108.178.32.162:25568;Everyone gets staff - Need Staff ASAP
108.178.32.162:25568;Everyone gets staff - Need Staff ASAP
158.69.118.220:25630;Cryptic Factions Need Some Staff
Skyclash.org;Sky Clash
play.djcraft.eu;DJCraft
arcus.mcpro.eu;Arcus
shadymc.fluctis.com:26077;Shady Craft
WarlockPvP.nitrous.it;WarlockPvP
104.218.100.165;Arsadia Factions
royalflixes.ml:26089;RoyalFlixes
play.projectpvp.xyz;ProjectPvP
162.244.165.91:51032;MinePlay Needs Staff
endgame.asuscomm.com;ENDGAME
toohighcraft.playsrv.nl;TooHighCraft
mysticagemc.nitrous.it;MysticAgeCraft
node42.minecrafted.net:25824;Deluxe Gaming
Historicalnetwork.mcpro.co;HistoricalNetwork
play.wavednetwork.com;Wave Network
s6.hosthorde.com:26253;CommonPvp
pvp.canelex.com;Canelex Teams
play.mineblox.me;MineBlox
ClutchFactions.aqn.us;Clutch Factions
play.themcprivateserver.com;The MCPrivate Server
divinenetworkmc.com;Divine Network MC
74.63.196.18;AnthraxFactions
shadowfront.factions.nl;ShadowFront
mc.mojoserver.net;MojoCraft
221.121.142.180;Danknetwork
192.99.161.57:27223;BlazeGlow
tecflare.com;TecFlare
krimsonmc.desiredhosting.com;KrimsonMC
play.dream-mc.org;DREAM-MC
185.38.148.34:25583;TizzleCraft
aeternia.beastmc.com;AETERNIA
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
factions.vluxpvp.com;VluxPvP
Rebornpvp.org;RebornPvP
mc.phoenix-craft.com;Phoenix-Craft
S19.minespan.com:26146;Hexlix PvP New Staff Players
herofactions.net;Hero Factions
play.novahmc.com;Novah Prison
158.69.22.191:27891;Mega Quests
animalsrunwild.com;Animals Run Wild
65.60.0.180;Tnt Craft
realmc.game.nfoservers.com;Real MC
slimeblock.com;Slimeblock
158.69.55.223:25641;CanabrosPvP
23.94.159.92;Fire Emblem RPG Unique Factions
s4.hosthorde.com:26301;HopelessMC
5.196.81.52:25924;GuyBlocks
play.raidmc.net;RaidMc
banditfandom.mcpro.co;BanditFandom
cookiemc.fluctis.com;CookieMC
alastoria.nitrous.it;Alastoria
catcraft.serv.nu;CatCraft
149.202.70.151:25831;HabbiPapi
185.38.148.88:25588;Pvp Legends            KitPvp
survivalcraft.es:27001;survivalcraft.es
la.pc.nether.co;NetherBox Los Angeles PC Test Server
dal.pc.nether.co;NetherBox Dallas PC Test Server
185.38.148.178:25567;Webbcraft Prison
mc.voxload.com;Voxload - Hub server
185.51.55.34;ThunderRun
enigma.bitfred.net;Enigma
169.249.170.52;CosmicCraft
purebloodpvp.apexmc2.co:25595;PureBlood Revamped
BrammieGames.dmch.nl:25669;FunPark/Minetopia
5.10.110.101:60682;Vitus Craft
server.gumgum.nl;GumGum
5.255.85.203:26107;SaenCityGames Minigames
162.244.165.131:27373;SurvivalNet
198.154.120.47;slayersnetwork
explicitpvp.mooo.com:25573;Explicit PvP
lallandia.net9.fi;Lallandia
62.141.42.151:26133;kingdomcraft
hoc.omgserv.org:12875;Honor Of Craft
Play.dopplerpvp.com;DopplerPVP
Play.dopplerpvp.com;DopplerPVP
MC.dopplerpvp.com;DopplerPVP
MC.dopplerpvp.com;DopplerPVP
play.mc-olympus.us;MC-Olympus
167.114.102.147:25642;Vessel Gaming
167.114.102.188:25589;The Wxlves
46.17.103.108;CloudCraft
legendscore.mcph.co;LegendsCore
NullVox.mcserver.ws;NullVox
167.114.117.231:26517;CraftBros
162.245.0.151;InvisionedPvP
whitepawkingdom.joinmc.eu;The Kingdom Of Whitepaw
149.202.70.174:40830;duma1234554321
TinyCraft.serv.nu;TinyCraft
185.38.148.173:25573;Opticore
play.vitality-mc.net;VitalityMC
VolcanicCraft.myserver.gs:40129;VolcanicPvp
37.187.153.8:28794;Instant Craft
fryrakingdoms.mcplay.nl:25614;FryraKingdom
s5.minespan.com:26409;Frost-Network
cubeitmc.nitrous.it;CubeItMC
agedmc.tk:25591;Aged - Factions
minetia.mcho.us:25587;MinetiaGaming
HazePVP.servermc.nl:26563;HazePVP
PlantsUniverse.mcph.co;PlantsUniverse
149.202.82.50:26000;RisenMC
162.255.86.229;TechnoMC
mc.pentablocs.com;Pentablocs
fadeawayfactions.mc-server.net;FadeAway Factions
TRWOPFactions.mymc.io;The Radioactive Wolf OPFactions
162.213.41.36:25950;DominateKitPvP
play.imperialhcf.us.to;ImperialHCF
192.99.44.128:26081;DesimatedPVP Need Staff
158.69.226.17:25592;AzmarinRP
151.80.178.233;RagnarokRP
Pedroh.zironenetwork.com;PedroH
play.focuspvp.me;FocusPvP
198.27.67.62:25416;Ultra Craft
Mc.slimegames.net;SlimeGames
192.99.20.90:30472;Empire Of Ordin
37.187.153.35:25586;CriticalPvP
elementpixelmon.mcpro.co;Elemental Pixelmon
23.94.121.17;CookiePrison
199.187.127.142:25827;Wood World
s7.hosthorde.com:26312;FrozenCraft
ClutchFactions.aqn.us;Clutch Factions
173.236.86.166;LKG Vanilla
halflife.factions.ws;half life | factions server
play.thegenesispvp.com:25583;TheGenesisPvP
158.85.69.138:59833;The Sapphire Domain (Needed STaff)
23.94.159.92;Fire Emblem RPG Unique Factions
omegacraft.cl;kaka
play.shadypvp.co;ShadyPvp
historicalpvp.mcpro.co;Historical PvP
158.69.226.17:25583;LoiloCraft
oasisunited.mcpro.eu:40524;OasisUnited
play.twixmo.com;Twixmo Mini Games Server
play.mcpixelparty.us:25716;Pixelparty
Play.DeluxeMC.Net;DeluxeNetwork
plaguepvp.serv.nu:40627;PlaguePvP
DynamicPvP.serv.nu;DynamicPvP
play.drakiamoro.net;Drakiamoro
64.31.51.228;Mexipolis
grandcraft.myserver.gs;grandcraft
78.46.97.248;YoungCraft
grapegarden.mcph.co;GrapeGarden
185.38.148.34:25583;TizzleCraft - MLG Server
104.218.100.152;Ultimate Craftland
198.50.214.71;DimensionPVP
frenzyfactions.tk;Frenzy Factions
mc.noxusau.com;NoxusAU | Factions | Drugs
Boom.RonnyGo.Com;BoomCraft
69.46.2.146:26318;FearLegends
yul0131.myserver.gs;Montreal0131 Server
192.95.46.2;Anarchy-Minecraft Server
play.uskyblock.net;play.uskyblock.net
minetia.mcho.us:25587;MinetiaGaming
kubypvp.nitrous.it;KubyPvP
104.139.46.60:25567;RiverRats Survival #2 Public
192.99.201.226:25587;DestinyCraft
liquidmc.fluctis.com:25613;LiquidMC
mundocubo.net;Primo
wordoo.net;Wordoo
167.114.1.212:25617;SkyKraft
Prison.mygs.co;Xtream Survival
itzjackcraft.myserver.gs;ItzJackCraft
vcraft-factions.dynu.net:21;VenomCraft
69.175.54.90:33334;Boiler Survival Multiplayer
Galactycraft.es;GybertGamerYT
23.94.159.92;Fire Emblem RPG Staff Needed
Teamepic.g-s.nu;Team Epic
play.spectrusmc.com:25925;Spectrus Network
aquafeathersmc.myserver.gs;AquaFeathersMC
ip.nitacraft.com;Nitacraft
mafrocraft.myserver.gs;mafrocraft
vanillin.ddns.net;Vanillin
endgame.asuscomm.com;ENDGAME
fireballpvp.tk:25581;fireballpvp
fireballpvp.tk:25581;fireballpvp
fireballpvp.tk:25581;fireballpvp
mc13.fadehost.com:27010;InfinitySB
198.27.125.60;Creeper City
69.175.9.118:25585;Mikester2244
Vanilla.myserver.gs;Vanilla
45.35.63.67;Crossing Kingdom
104.36.85.4:26238;Aqua Craft
axescraft.beastmc.com;AxesCraft
mc.kodyhusky.com;KodyHuskyMC
69.175.72.200;Moondance
play.risepvp.com;RisePvP
lypticpvp.com;LypticPVP
knockoutcraft.com;Knockout Craft 
HyrulePvP.cubed.pro;HyrulePvP
158.69.226.17:25626;PayneCraft
167.114.172.108:25662;LavishNetwork
167.114.117.231:26517;CraftBros Call of Minercaft Zombies
s4.minespan.com:26419;GalaxyKingdom
stormrealms.com;Storm Realms
aptive.net;Aptive
64.140.164.67:30305;WeCraft
158.69.118.153;UniverseRealm
mc.craftoholics.xyz;Craftoholics
168.1.74.16:54709;TendiCraft
5.255.85.216:25987;SavageCraft
162.252.10.209:27667;Templar Craft
play.zironenetwork.com;SOS
s20.minespan.com:26327;Aralith
applecraft5000.ddns.net;AppleCraft
europe.maxpack.me;MaxPack // Factions & KitPvP
play.cloudblock.xyz;CloudBlock
AtomCraft.myserver.gs:40594;AtomCraft
37.187.153.35:25592;Dungeonsrealms
diamondx.nitrous.it;DiamondX
crocraft.mcserver.ws;Crocraft
croprison.mcserver.ws;CroCraft Prison server
m.cucraft.ru;_KOZTYA_
148.251.53.17:25853;CrazyDunk
198.24.165.154:45939;SD KitPvP
rasmus.mc60.org;ProCraft
PlumoMC.myserver.gs;craftatopia 
37.187.134.19:31402;MC3
Prison.mygs.co;Deepforce Factions
minecraft.activegames.ro;Active Minecraft
detoxdrugraids.com;Detox Drug Raids
85.114.128.18:26149;Lukas server
impulsepvp.ranni.ca;ImpulsePvP
dakotanova.mcph.co;dakotanova
37.187.167.131:25576;nortoncraft
LetsBuildIt.mcph.co;Lets Build It
mc.fluffonetwork.com;FluffoNetwork
s17.minespan.com:26470;OblivionMC
RMMC.mcserver.ws;RockyMountainMC
198.20.94.108;FallenDepths
198.27.82.46:25779;BlueVortex
s6.minespan.com:26360;Majestic Craft
phantoniancity.mcph.co;PhantomCraft
GlowCraft.serv.nu;GlowCraft
mc.vigilumnetwork.com;Vigilum Network
vortexcraftminecraft.mcph.co;Vortexcraft
play.zilvermine.com;Zilvermine
69.175.54.90:33334;Boiler Survival Multiplaye
thefourseasons.mcph.co;The Four Seasons
sealcraft.mine.nu;SealCraftMC
mc.comugamers.com;mc.comugamers.com
play.delta-galaxy.com;Delta Galaxy
Occtonal.mcpro.co;Occtonal
hyplex.mcph.co;Hyplex
play.hardmode.net;HardMode
167.114.117.18:25926;BulbLight
119.81.145.70;TheFourSeasons
ulmc.net;Unleashed MC
149.202.195.28:25859;PlanetPvP
cyancraft.g-s.nu;CyanCraft
legendcraft.playsrv.nl;LegendCraft
50.31.103.79;Raze Factions
s6.minespan.com:26111;T for Tekkit
192.99.19.186:25695;PCL Network
ClutchFactions.aqn.us;Clutch Factions
eu.oc.tc;CraftBest
play.trueco-mc.net;TruEco Skyblock
FuFik.ench.pl;FuFik Serwer
playgamingmc.mcph.co;GamingMC
vanilla.yogscastfans.com;Yogscast Fans
FallenFactionsMC.beastMC.com;Fallen Factions
Occtonal.mcpro.co;Occtonal Realm
Cloud-Link.biz:25569;DeadHost - Free Hosting
185.38.148.33:25576;GBBoomCraft   Need Staff
208.115.247.174;t24 craft
mc.frostnetwork.net;FrostNetwork
tuchanka.nebtown.info;Nebtown Tuchanka
play.emperyeannetwork.com;EmperyeanNetwork
192.95.29.31:25573;Noxious Factions
playgamingmc.mcph.co;GamingMC
198.100.146.228:25716;ChromeFactions
jugar.mickecraft.com;Mickecraft
playz.iminecraft.se;iCraft
heroesleague.mcph.co;Heroes League
162.244.164.31:57351;Antimony Network
alcatrazislands.apexmc.co;AlcatrazIslands
play.amaronmc.com;AmaronMC
themininghive.mcserver.ws;The Mining Hive
65.60.29.110;RevivalFactions
crazyribe.mine.gg:11063;CrazyRibeNetWork
derekcraft.serv.nu:41272;DerekCraft
167.114.100.168:25583;ShadowPvP
aeternia.beastmc.com;Aeternia Factions
69.175.43.170:25585;Exalted PvP
play.ritronix.net:25607;Ritronix
warland.mcpro.co;Warland
inetworks.mcph.co;Immortal Networks
play.theshadowsmc.net;The Shadows Network
Occtonal.mcpro.co;Occtonal Factionz
continuum.z-craft.net;War of the Gods
godfrey.mcph.co:56877;Godfrey
Play.CursedMC.Net;CursedMC
Play.CursedMC.Net;CursedMC
puregamingsurvival.playat.ch;PureGaming Survival
galagomc.no-ip.net;GalagoMC
escapistcraft.mcserver.ws;EscapistCraft
narutoadventures.pandahost.co.uk;Naruto Adventures
play.uberwars.net;Uberwars Network
thehood.mcserver.ws;The Hood
Transfixgaming.serverminer.com:26588;TransfixGaming
mc.warpixel.it;WarPixel IT
185.4.149.36:25884;EuroCraft
play.byrnetwork.co.vu;ByR Network
178.238.232.80;Trial Clans
villa-topia.playsrv.nl;villatopia / minetopia
79.124.56.52:25570;DeltaPvP
23.239.132.60;Sandcraft.
88.150.146.64;Equilibrium
mineuy.fluctis.com;MineUY
minetia.mcho.us:25587;MinetiaGaming
188.165.94.55;IronCraft
opminigames.serverminer.com;McPlay
37.187.167.131:25576;NortonCraft
5.196.83.57:41368;WhaleCraft
Flaming-craft.mcph.co;FlamingCraft
192.99.148.35:25926;PEP Universe
mineex.toppvp.net;mineex
voidmc.net;VoidMC Factions
WorldOfWaldoMC.serv.nu;WowMC
185.38.148.96:25592;WarlockPvP
FeudalPvp.com;FeudalPvp
DekoMC.ddns.net;DekoMC
158.69.225.12:25613;Pixelspaz Reborn
kryptonic.pw;KryptonicRealm
Vergemc.net;VergeMc
Play.SaicoPvP.Com;SaicoPvP
DMC.nitrous.it;Decrescent Factions Minecraft Server
192.99.200.210:27691;MoopCraft
vanilla.mcph.eu;VanillaCraft
192.99.231.1;Pros And Cons Gaming
WinterKraft.mchost.pro;WinterKraft
149.202.82.50:25984;U-Craft
mtc.beastmc.com;MinecraftTheatreClub
ThePondNetwork.mcph.co;Thepondnetwork
107.6.173.85:25585;EclipseSMP Survival
185.80.129.31;Minecraft CS-BANGA.lt
37.187.254.137:40263;Suomalainen Minecraft Serveri
mcreal.mcph.co;mcreal
85.25.197.232;Crafters Planet
fierce.mcalias.com;Fierce Factions
play.vanityfactions.com;Vanity Factions
play.vanityfactions.com;Vanity Factions
23.252.117.34:26764;JustDoIt.MC
151.80.11.153;MonsterCraft
minetia.mcho.us:25587;MinetiaGaming
rebornpvp.mcserv.pro;RebornPvp
Cigam.beastMC.com;Cigam 
Play.MineBeyond.com;MineBeyond
play.minecraft-estonia.eu:25993;Minecraft-Estonia
mc.minecrafteo.es;Minecrafteo NetWork - No premium
moramora.sytes.net;Moramora Server
play.craftian.net:25677;Craftian.Net
heroesleague.mcph.co;Heroes League
192.99.47.200:26688;FougeyCraft
87.98.170.139;OblivionMc
178.156.201.71;mc.pro-gaming.ro
CreeperPVP.mygs.co;CreeperPVP.mygs.co
MercuryGoldfactions.apexmc3.co;MercuryGold
s5.minespan.com:26278;CraftyPvp
198.24.163.106:41375;MinkCraft
AirVillage.apexmc2.co:25735;AirVillage
185.38.148.164:25574;ZenCloud | Survival  | Economy | mcMMO
play.shockmc.org;ShockMC
game.blizzardcraftpvp.com;BlizzardCraft
192.99.38.198:27976;LightningCraft
jugar.mickecraft.com;Mickecraft
LegendCraft.xyz;LegendCraft
Horizonpvps.mcph.co;HorizonPvps
opticnetwork.beastmc.com;Optic Network
play.townykingdoms.com;Towny Kingdoms
kittycatcraft.ddns.net;KittyCraft
mc.novagamingnetwork.net;NovaGamingNetwork
23.94.159.92;Fire Emblem RPG Factions Staff Needed
158.69.26.209:25610;PorkChop Army
lionspride.beastmc.com;LionsPride
198.27.68.137;unified-gaming
minetia.mcho.us:25587;MinetiaGaming
167.114.100.156:25648;RTPi
minigamemadness.mcpro.eu;Minigame Madness
play.mopproductions.com;Mop Productions Factions Server
play.grimmc.com;GrimMC
play.thefallinmc.com;TheFallinMC
MC.KerberosProject.com;the Kerberos Project
158.69.226.17:25632;PhantomRealms
armymc.mcph.co;ArmyMC
mc.spomgcraft.ovh;spomgcraft
mc.dv8pvp.com;dv8Prison need all staff
impulsefactions.ml;Impulse Factions
skywarsmc.net;SkywarsMC
Arrowhead.myserver.gs;Arrowhead - Enhanced Vanilla
MC.BlitzMC.xyz;BlitzMC
impulsefactions.ml;Impulse Factions
85.214.146.162;Official SSC server
lunarsky.mine.gg:12679;LunarSky
gacraft.ga;GaCraft
prison.opconverse.net;OPConverse
KmHm.mchosting.pro;KmHm
KmHm.mchosting.pro;KmHm
TitanRealms.fmc.pw:27163;TitanRealms
178.238.232.80;TrialFactions
play.skygrid.nl;Skygrid.nl
mc.rivalpvp.co;RivalPVP Factions
alphapvp.mcplay.nl;AlphaCraft
play.xitedegaming.eu;xiteD
play.uopprison.com;UOP Prison
minecraftfacs.com;MinecraftFacs.com
Blazepvp.fluctis.com;BlazePvP
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.romepvp.com;RomePvP - Factions - Raiding
173.199.74.48:10090;Urban Adventures
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
142.4.205.43;CraftingHeros
136.243.1.221;MegaChunk Pixelmon
endgame.asuscomm.com;ENDGAME
prospectmc.nitrous.it;ProspectPvP
penguincraft.es:26657;PenguinCraft
superfun.mcph.co;Economy Survival Paradise Join Us
158.69.226.41:25591;MianiteLegacyMC
104.161.16.216;Sibash Village
192.95.45.10;BortexMC
192.95.45.10;BortexMC
extremepvp.fluctis.com;MiniGamer
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
logicalmc.g.nfoservers.com;Logical MC
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
surbukkit.g-s.nu;Surbukkit
Play.TotalFreedom.me;TotalFreedom
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
madridcraft.serv.nu;MadridCraft
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
mc.gods-of-geek.com;Gods of Geek
Almerica.dmch.nl;Almerica
167.114.102.154:25584;DemonicFactions
167.114.102.154:25584;DemonicFactions
188.212.101.173;HardCraft.Elite-Gaming.Ro
heroesleague.mcph.co;HeroesLeague - Pvp - Abilities
MysticHaven.us.to;MysticHaven
play.drunners.nl;FactionCraft
149.202.70.151:25831;HabbiPapi
149.202.70.151:25831;HabbiPapiDk
islandbattles.ddns.net;IslandBattles
ReadyToGame-mc.dmch.nl:25716;RTGPrison
Anthromine.com;Anthromine Evolved
192.99.160.188:27431;TheUnityNetwork
198.27.68.137;Unified-Gaming
bend.quinterramc.com;Quinterra Bending
mcretro.mcph.co:59565;MCRetroRoom
teamlapis.mcpro.co;TeamLapis
31.214.161.95;NinomotoMoviesYT
108.170.20.186:51440;Rain Pixel
s7.minespan.com:26143;Witch Craft
play.pixelfyre.net;PixelFyre Network
92.222.134.163;iPaZeMC
craftpowered.mcph.co;CraftPowered
mc.temporalventure.com;Temporal Venture
75.75.245.69:25577;The Diversion Network
crossairmc.com;CrossairMC
shockmc.us;ShockMC Factions
OptimumMC.ddns.net;Optimum MC
NeonParks.tk;NeonParks
158.69.166.162;NovaPvP
JokersCraft.hostgamebr.com;JokersCraft
149.202.82.50:26027;zakes op-factions
EnderKillerz.factions.ws:25574;EnderKillerz
augustcraftmc.serv.nu;AugustCraftMC
s33.hosthorde.com:26144;Termatron
69.175.38.133:25585;MinimalistCraft
mc.VanityPvP.com;VanityPvP
s8.hosthorde.com:26214;Spiral-PvP
Hoppercraft.com;HopperCraft
risencloud.com;RisenCloud
167.114.118.218:25584;Townymania
doggysazhi.ddns.net;DogeCraft
158.69.117.100:25674;Bending Factions
GoldenGlobes.mcph.co;GoldenGlobes
bloxrealm.gamename.net;BloxRealm
play.betrone.net;BeTrone
108.61.21.227:25573;ZeproniaMC
s8.minespan.com:26180;MCMines
Ender.SpyCraft.Ro;Ender.SpyCraft.Ro
95.109.125.139;Nexo Network
fatepvp.net;FateMC
madridcraft.serv.nu;MadridCraft
LavaCraft-Project.Tk;LavaCraft Classic
play.fon-factions.info:25777;Awakening Of Spartans
46.253.196.86:25765;LegitCraft
149.202.69.135:41751;Halleluja
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
TheCaveMC.us;TheCaveMC
boogiewoogie.minecr4ft.nl:26481;Boogiewoogie Network
192.99.200.98:25629;UltraPvP
159.8.141.198;Echo Network
play.townykingdoms.com;TownyKingdoms
endgame.asuscomm.com;ENDGAME
213.238.250.184;BlueLands Server
149.202.70.174:41004;BubbleCloud
pvp.hydrafactions.com;HydraFactions
167.114.100.112:25809;KnightzMC
blitzprison.us.to;BlitzPrison
mc.BarelyVanilla.com;Barely vanilla
play-savagenetwork.mcph.co;Savage Network
185.38.149.59:25566;Menzie Server
altpvp.ga:26185;AltPvP
mc.sg-pvp.com;SG-PVP
thechicktiger.mchost.no;TheChickTiger
horizons.defiantnations.net;Defiant Nations Horizons
69.30.240.250:25698;ReactionMC
crystalcraft.mcraft-ip.com;CrytalCraft
cloudcraft.mygs.co;Cloud Craft MC
Play.electro-craft.nl;Electro-Craft
ibizamc.noip.me;IbizaMC
play.kryptic-mc.net;KrypticMc
mc.atomicpvp.co;AtomicPvP
158.69.225.12:25646;GolemPvP Factions
185.38.148.174:25595;Niddnet
s7.minespan.com:26179;LodixCraft
mc15.fadehost.com:26124;Berserver 
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
minewires.com;MineWire_Network
disteria.mcserver.ws;Disteria PVP
198.50.137.135;SandCraft
creepercraftpve.mcph.co;Creepercraft PVE
37.187.153.35:25578;CaveMC | Alpha
167.114.209.80:25577;Portlo MC
Osaris.net;Osaris
Play.Altercraft.eu;Altercraft
alarisfactions.serverminer.com:25616;Alaris Factions
play.moosepvp.com;MoosePvP
192.99.38.21:25777;Crafty Craft
minehost46.host-unlimited.de:28930;Future-Craft 
5.196.127.184:25713;Rehflix Serbia
play.pixelcrypt.net;PixelCrypt
185.38.148.42:25589;LocusFaction
node31.minecrafted.net:25807;Skylock
69.114.120.101;ShrekCraft
78.46.97.248:25576;Zepxcraft
192.99.44.40:25629;Jig Saw Network
war.craft.gg:10444;War Craft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
TitanicPvP.com;Titanic PvP
198.154.121.177;Noctus Eternal
162.244.165.41:37092;Whitelisted
158.69.226.16;Minetale undertale roleplay
auso.fluctis.com:26081;Auso
184.154.186.50;BrainCraft
GGeRs.BeastMc.Com;The GGeRs | Factions | Mcmmo |24/7
PokeyPixels.serv.nu;PokeyPixels
192.99.230.74:25579;SoulOfPvP
kryptonickraft.mcpro.co;Kryptonic Kraft
play.bluebones.org;BlueBones
167.114.210.198;majestikkarft
Exploudus.noip.me;Exploudus 24/7 1v1 FFA
45.34.7.140;RazorCoreFactions
s9.minespan.com:26248;RandomCraft
s29.hosthorde.com:26008;WiggedPanda
108.170.15.242:58623;MoltenCraft
192.99.200.141:41666;Firey Network
mysticrealms.serverminer.com;Mystic Realms
play.roguepvp.us:25585;RoguePvP
Snacklordz.us.to;SnackLordz
play.skyspacemc.com;SkySpace
mc.pcgaming.com;Mmmicrowave_Copyrighted_My_Server
promethean.noip.me;chicken5ks Minecraft Server
167.114.173.91:37970;Legend Seekers
play.primalera.com;Primal Era
ninjamc.org;NinjaMC
107.6.189.123:25585;FatalKraft
108.170.23.98:32153;Wolfcraft
23.91.4.76:33591;EliteNetworks
us.climaxmc.net;ClimaxPVP
play.BavCraft.com;Bavcraft | Network
electricplex.privatedns.org;ElecTricplex
play.oracle-craft.net;Oracle-Craft
DynamisMC.com:26237;Dynamis 
play.minesiege.net;MineSiege
gravitypvp.mcpro.eu;Factions Gravity
79.124.56.55:25567;CyberPvP FreeOp/FreeRank
play.skygrid.nl;Skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;Skygrid.nl
bananasplit.spartanhost.net;Banana split
209.133.201.58:26167;Cryptos Tekkit legends server
mc.heavencraft.pw;HeavenCraft
mckit.mcjoin.eu;McKit
45.121.211.100:25635;The Empire Gaming | Factions Server
149.202.70.151:25831;Habbipapi
play.treesforpeace.org;TreesForPeace
nubbynetwork.com;Nubby Network
167.114.173.78:25675;Void Gaming
5.135.0.88;imposercraft
play.infinitepvp.net;InfinitePvP
play.gatormc.us;GatorMC
maze-runner.mcph.co;MazeRunner
mc.raidcube.net;Raid Cube
167.114.65.109:25698;SashaKing
schluecraft.mcph.co;SchlueCraft
Lazark.com;Lazark.com
BurnUnityRevoNet.mcjoin.it;BurnUnityRevoNet
warlandshaggygames.com;Warland
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
Mc.PixelAndCube.fr;PixelAndCube
167.114.174.73:25926;VerizonPrison
77.174.64.169;ComiusCraft
mc.warzonepvp.ca;Warzone PvP
build.llamacraft.net;Llamacraft Building Applications
104.33.214.114;Empiric Craft Network
hivemc.eu;EdsModsMC
69.175.38.187;Team UnlimeZ
167.114.101.146:25608;IngeniousPvP
167.114.101.146:25608;IngeniousPvP
flaming-craft.mcph.co;FireCraft StaffNeeded
somethingcraft.xyz;SomethingCraft
play.illuminatedmc.us;IlluminatedMC Network
s28.mcserver.org;Snapshot Anarchy Survival
Cookiefacs.mymc.io;Cookie Faction
104.219.1.77:25568;Maxcraft
69.175.55.44:25586;CoMeT Factions
tardis.rainbowkiwi.com:25608;Rainbow Kiwi Tardis Factions
104.37.29.14:25830;AspectPVP
104.37.29.14:25830;AspectPVP
104.37.29.14:25830;AspectPVP
104.37.29.14:25830;AspectPVP
104.37.29.14:25830;AspectPVP
tempestrealms.vgmc.us;Tempest Realms
sharpness-pvp.com:48691;SharpnessPvP
167.114.101.146:25608;KItPvp Server Join KNow
fearfactions.mcph.co;Fear Factions
31.214.209.101;vanilla only
198.24.164.162:35667;Potato-P3nis Craft
reloadmc.fadehost.com;ReloadMC
167.114.101.146:25608;Best KItpvp Server in the whole world
Minecraftarjadia.ddns.net;Minecraft Arjadia
play.clubskyblock.com;Club Skyblock
evolutionpvp.com:25585;EvolutionPvP
151.80.199.247;Ssssssssss
potato-penis.mcph.co;Potato-P3nis
lightningbolt915.mcpro.co;Bolt Factions
cometmc.xyz;CometMC
beancode.org;BeanCode MC
mc.gzone.es;Gzone
WinterCraft.krystaltechnology.com;WinterCraft
rathcraft.mcph.co;Rathcraft
167.114.119.78:25587;PsycoticMC
sleepymist.mymc.io;SleepyMist
192.99.10.106:26384;McInfusionNetWork
158.69.116.80:41977;adaon2006.myserver.gs
172.106.11.226:25567;Forever prison
162.223.9.11:25576;MiddleGateMC
158.69.225.12:25656;TheCraftMC Creative Server
198.24.175.42:37660;Minecrief
142.4.217.147:25588;CosmicRaidng
nicho421.myserver.gs;FreedomMC
chewyllamaenterprises.com;LlamaCraft
185.91.116.9:25613;FajnProject.CZ
mc.circlepixel.xyz;CirclePixel MC
Rattatacraft.mcho.us:25682;RattataCraft
miningland.net;MiningLand
c1.centerdesk.nl;Mysticlands
158.69.118.234:25615;Towny RPG Land
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
mc.angryworld.ru;AngryWorld Network
play.blazedpvp.net;BlazedPvP
crabbycraft.mcplay.nl:25791;CrabbyCraft
CommunityCraft.de;CommunityCraft Server Netzwerk
crafters.mcraft.io;Crafters Minecraft
play.catalystpvp.com;CatalystPvP
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
hardcore.viper.works:25573;Vipers Lair (Hardcore Vanilla)
play.ocraft.co.uk;oFactions Part of the oCraft Family
151.80.10.44;CampCraft
ckit.mc-server.net;The Citadel
MC.SkyMania.US;SkyMania.US - SkyBlock
exilescraft.mygs.co;ExilesCraft
208.115.225.131:26285;MineDark
weblab360.com;FeatherCraft
play.rojoislands.com:25574;Rojo Islands
Doublecraft.mygs.co;Double Craft
KryptonicKraft.mcpro.co;KryptonicKraft
minegage.net;MineGage Network
mc.krystaltechnology.com;Krystal Technology
play.luckyprison.com;Lucky Prison
play.ConflictionPvP.com;ConflictionPvP Potion/Soup PvP
198.12.88.54;Fanatic Craft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
entitypvp.net;EntityPVP
158.69.118.225:25623;MegaGames
Node35.Minecrafted.net:25790;DiamondFactions
rekktcraft.mcph.co;RekktCraft
play.TheInceptum.com;TheInceptum
play.RazerahPvP.com;Razerah
mc.finitecore.com;FiniteCore
s8.minespan.com:26180;MCMines
Play.TheInceptum.Com;TheInceptum
mc1.agex.biz;AgexCraft
173.236.104.39;Seikatsu
play.thekingdoms.xyz;The Kingdoms
162.244.165.11:45457;Iron Revolution
192.99.148.35:25953;CryoNetwork
hub.capaxinfinium.tk;Capax Infiniti
play.tartarusprison.net;Tartarus Prison
167.114.78.150;CyberCraft
162.244.167.41:36285;Infinite Worlds
Mc.ExpliziCraft.com:25585;Mc.ExpliziCraft.Com
167.114.102.154:25588;Endermite
198.24.175.58:31273;Survive2Craft
play.breezecrew.net;BreezeCrew
198.27.122.34;LoLQuest
167.114.208.111:25570;CritPvP
104.219.7.48;Rocky Road Realms
duckmcnetwork.mcjoin.eu;duckmcnetwork
45.121.211.100:25635;Empire Gaming
die-zocker-gemeinschaft.de:25523;SkyBlock Server
188.228.33.59;Mcfactionserver
EternalCraft.g-s.nu;EternalCraft
play.chronicnetwork.net;ChronicFactions
abacatecraft.hostgamebr.com:10451;AbacateCraft
airpromc.de;AirProMC.de
192.99.17.224:25696;TinyFox
pokerumble.ddns.net;Pokerumble
95.141.32.150:60151;GrimmUniverse
167.114.1.218:25607;Mountain Kingdom
mancave.pointinspace.com;Mancave Server
frixipriso.n-minecraft.com;FrixiPrison
play.crafttopia.nl;CraftTopia
Universehub.tk;UniverseHub
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
Electromc.cubed.pro;ElectroMC
play.zironenetwork.com;survivalgames
NashyCraft.BeastMc.com:25585;NashyCraft
play.mcverge.com;MCVerge (24/7)
37.187.25.36:25603;Blokkit Craft
167.114.118.143:25644;GlacianPvP
Play.TheMinecraftLife.Tk;TheMinecraftLife
skysgameserver.ddns.net;Skylanders Paradise
play.daxi.us;Daxi
92.222.207.56;opticalfactions
167.114.209.80:25617;GrungeMC
188.165.94.84;GuildWars-UnderConstuction
play.cubecraftgames.net;CubeCraftGames
play.verumcraft.com;VerumCraft
kendralcraft.com;KendralCraft
oldcrowew.redirectme.net;OldcrowPvP
162.244.164.41:52949;Ruthless Factions
thegamecenter.mcpro.co;Whitelisted For Repairs
cvsgmc.pvpme.org;CvsGMC
XenonCraftMC.no-ip.org;Xenon Craft
203.98.81.46;HardCoreUniverse
nfcommunity.com;-NF-Community Server
74.86.113.213:25581;Sprockbot.net
cripplesarelame.mcph.co;CityOfHerobrine
188.212.100.43;Play.Opticons.Net
craftingundead.tk;The Crafting Undead
play.minesnake.com;MineSnake
whosquad.mcph.co;WhoSquad
158.69.185.104;x Forces
wc-network.serv.nu:40942;WeedCraft
37.187.153.8;Project32
mc.crusadenetwork.com;Crusade Network
167.114.158.78:26122;CreativeMind
149.202.90.9:40530;ShadowCraft 2016
wondercraft.ddns.net;WonderCraft
play.epicube.fr;WhatTheCube
play.comecraft.com;ComeCraft
192.95.29.35:27002;MegaCraft
firecraft.mine.nu:55555;MemeCraft
citymc.de;CityMC Modded Server
192.99.44.75:27945;Exotic MC
madcat.mcnode.net;madcat
NuclearPvP.tk:28511;NuclearPvP
OpTicCraft.tv;OpTicCraft
37.59.252.149;HeaveCraft Reborn
167.114.102.201:25939;TeamMechanoid Towny
130.180.201.228:33853;OPSurvival
Play.SatisFactions.co;SatisFactions
167.114.209.80:25569;Remix PvP
harpcraft.mcpro.co:62750;Harpcraft
198.24.175.42:45625;Vanilla Scape
mc.skynetgaming.net;SkyNetGaming
158.69.118.225:25669;DarkenGalaxy
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
ENRG.mcraft.pro;ENRG Craft
DarknessPvP.Net;DarknessPvP
167.114.156.184:25591;MindlessPVP
167.114.209.21:25829;GearedFactions
IansCraftPvP.myserver.gs;IansCraftPvP
162.244.167.21:47617;AznCraft
Diddy.mcserver.ws;DiddyCraft
EcoSmp.cubed.pro;EcoSmp
45.35.62.116;Twisted Time Network
158.85.102.107:47296;Nathan630pms Server
s6.hosthorde.com:26247;KerbCraft
redserver.mcpro.co;Red Server
ytgames.cubed.pro;YT Games
la-src9-11.serenityservers.net:25575;Elfcraft
198.24.165.234:48857;Hidden Leaf
104.219.7.41;AussieTechGamer
188.165.94.84;PinNationFaction
ParadiseFactions.com;ParadiseFactions
198.27.81.182:25683;RainbowPvP
infectedpvp.mc-server.net;InfectedPvP
Quickpvp.us:46862;Quickpvp
minecraft.rejj.net:25577;Rejj
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
snowballnetwork.mcpro.eu;Snowball Network
mc.pvpelements.net;PvPElements
Play.skygrid.nl;Skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
mc.laikiux.lt;Laikiux.lt Minecraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
hub.specialcraft.net;Special Craft
tinycraft.co:26198;TinyCraft
167.114.100.45:25600;Minelandia
37.187.139.123:26710;Retromine
167.114.100.156:25635;SconeCraft 
37.187.154.73:25585;DarkFC
192.99.0.200:25864;Roads to rome
198.20.123.53;Vanilla Dragon
188.165.250.107;Eyorith
5.196.90.55:25953;Tekkit | Freedom Fighters
37.187.141.62:28932;PixXieS
DeviumNetwork.com;DeviumNetwork
ms.jumpingcrab.com;AmericaCraft
droidpvp.crafted.pro;McGraphicsPvP
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
37.187.156.206:50092;Amethyst Prison
empd.crafted.pro:25898;Emerald Paradox
metrorealms.net;MetroRealms - Factions
MC.MineFade.net;MineFade Network
madridcraft.serv.nu;MadridCraft
RichlyPvP.factions.ws;RichlyPvP
lightningbolt915.mcpro.co;Bolt Factions
lightningbolt915.mcpro.co;Bolt Factions
Crimes.nitrado.net;Crimes of Craft
play.kryptic-mc.net;KrypticMc
supercraft-mc.com;Supercraft Minecraft
brixmc.net;BrixMC
158.69.226.41:25591;Mianite
98.203.204.132;hellish mc
mc.kdgaming.net;Knife-Down Minecraft
158.69.226.41:25591;MianiteMC
EtherealNetwork.net;EtherealNetwork
158.69.226.41:25591;MianiteLMC
titandistrict.mcpro.co;TitanDistrict
158.69.226.41:25591;MianiteLegMC
198.24.164.74:43112;Exodus
Play.lulzcraft.net;Pyxis Creative
167.114.101.146:25608;best server in world join today
mc.hubparadise.com;Hub Paradise
magicest.mc-dns.net;Magecst
169.249.170.51:25579;Rocket Craft
play.remixpvp.com;Remix PvP
lifetime.playat.ch;Lifetime
minehavoc.hosthorde.net:26101;MineHavoc
192.99.149.174:27381;PIM Craft
play-ac.biz.tm:18951;AndalmereCraft
kazzypvp.serv.nu;KazzyPvP
158.69.226.16:25578;FactionsNeedStaff
pixelsreborn.mcph.co;PixelsReborn
pinwazkev.fluctis.com;PinNation
mc.dreambuilds.net;DreamBuilds
FranchiseFactions.mcpro.co;FranchiseFactions
arith.mcph.co;airth
minesoud.serv.nu:41880;SoundCraft
play.hypixel.net;Hypixel
158.69.226.20:25593;GloryPVP
185.28.189.136:27668;Ghostygaming Server
play.benchcraft.eu;BenchCraft Survival
92.222.215.177;StainedRain
185.28.188.174:37691;TheDanishWolves
s17.minespan.com:26364;FeatherRealms
WonderCraft.myserver.gs;Wonder Craft
185.87.23.208;CraftMC
176.227.212.27;GuiltyCraft
antocraft.g-s.nu;Antocraft v3.0
minimumpvp.net:26113;MinimumPvP
158.69.172.66;Soulcraft
185.28.189.140:56787;PyramidPvP
cobblecity.serv.nu:41345;CobbleCity
GrandFactions.serv.nu:40016;GrandFactions
37.187.158.155:40016;gRAND
play.bosscraft.net;boss craft
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;Just Survival
cloud.ikavt.com;Mogia
5.200.23.182:30100;Chaos-Network
madridcraft.serv.nu;MadridCraft
mc.skycloudmc.com;FallenRealm
Metroxia.com;Metroxia
HellaFlush.us.to:26470;HellaFlush
167.114.119.97:25766;Far far craft
mc.jynxcraft.com:25592;JynxCraft
193.111.140.222:26520;Chickencraft
BlazeCraft.ml;BlazeCraft
play.qubemc.net;QubeMC
167.114.101.138;Xylonia
108.170.15.242:40397;Valor Operations
LordMineCraft.beastmc.com;LordCraft
play.rc-mc.org;RCSkyblock
play.uprisemc.net;UpriseMC
play.uprisemc.net;UpriseMC
playkc.com;KingdomCraft
192.99.135.221;AmbientCraft
SurviveTogether.no-ip.org;Survive Together
x-tremecraft.serv.nu;X-tremeCraft
192.99.21.75:28738;KingSortCraft
167.114.100.229;Nathan Anderson
play.SaiCoPvP.com;SaicoPvP
LukkyLemonzMC.fmc.pw;LukkyLemonzMC
mc.balkan-life.com;Balkan Life i FFA ArenaPvP i
play.blades-edge.net;BladesEdge
198.20.118.22:25585;UltraCraft
167.114.102.222:25612;FirstPvP
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;just survival (no lag)
167.114.156.184:25602;Sky Central
46.105.61.157:25785;mold-craft
Play.pixelmc.me:62140;PIXEL MC
bluevortex.cubed.pro:25779;BlueVortex
play.KartexMC.net;KartexMC
WitherCraftMC.net;WitherCraft
5.196.90.55:25832;GrayCraft
SecretCraft.factions.ws;SecretCraft
quantafactions.net;QuantaFactions
triunerealms.net;TriuneRealms
entertainmentnetwork.myserver.gs;Entertainment Netserver
play.blizzardmines.ga;BlizzardMines
play.xcraftnetwork.net;XCraft Survival
37.187.153.35:25592;Sugarcraft
mc.motionsnetwork.com;MotionsNetwork
chronicfactions.net;Chronic Network
DragonsDen.myserver.gs;DragonsDen
arenzii.us.to;Arenzii
198.154.121.169;PureVanilla
EonMC.serv.nu;EonMC
BlockingBad.uk;BlockingBad
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
37.187.134.194:29413;Lyvox
infiniteop.mcph.co;InfiniteOP
play.minasty.net;Minasty Network
play-pigcraft.myserver.gs;PIGCRAFT
192.99.44.134:28869;Sapphire Craft drop party at 10 players
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
Mianiterealms.fluctis.com;Mianite Realms
108.170.21.42:37541;Ninja
pixelverseserver.mcph.co;Pixelverse
pvp.platonicmc.net;PlatonicMC 3.0 | Reset
pvp.platonicmc.net;PlatonicMC 3.0 | Reset
Sharkrealms.mcph.co;SharkRealms
167.114.1.89:25610;BrixeCraft
spgmc.servegame.com;Town of Magic
play.equitasmc.net;EquitasMC
repli.apexmc2.co;RepliFactions
62.210.102.86:25692;ContinentalSurvival
ausoup.com;ausoup
play.seasidemc.com;The Seaside Network
play.minecraftit.com;MinecraftIt
151.80.22.82:25622;BBPCraft
198.143.142.59;4bros server
ultracrafttowny.mcph.co;UltraCraft
assassinscraft.sytes.net;Assassin Guilds
assassinscraft.sytes.net;Guild Assassins
198.24.175.54;BlueCraft
tianhe.nitrous.it;TianheFactions
assassinscraft.sytes.net;Girls Roleplaying Server
assassinscraft.sytes.net;Roleplaying Server of Girls
pixel-craft.serv.nu:41242;Pixel Craft
167.114.117.231:26517;Cryptic factions
mc13.fadehost.com:26644;EliteCraft Network
civitasrealm.com;CivitasRealm Vanilla
mc.minetatz.com;MineTatz
connect.nachtbeere.net;Nachtbeere Plays Server
play.rndgaming.net;RnDgaming|Survival|McMMO|Hub|24/7
methuselah.ru:25555;Simple Creative v2
Arielcraft.omgserv.pro;ArielCraft
192.99.125.70;Friendly Survival Kiingdom Server
crystalizedmc.com;CrystalizedMC
198.154.121.169;pure vanilla
mc.mythicalprison.com;MythicalPrison
Martin2003.zadforge.de;EnderCraft
play.thedestinymc.com;destiny network
gameworldxl.playsrv.nl;GameWorldXL
cweb.nitrous.it;nitrous
sparkmc.beastmc.com;SparkMC
play.pollcraft.net;PollCraft
richcraft.mcpro.co;RichCraft 2.0
198.24.164.162:30500;SolarPrison
Virtual.crafted.pro:25563;VirtualCraft
game.blizzardcraftpvp.com;BlizzardCraft
justminigames.teh-server.com;Justminigames - Need staff
revolutionntwrk.com;Revolution Network
185.28.188.174:37691;Danish Wolves 
167.114.65.109:25698;RegularTact
play.scorchedmc.com;ScorchedMC | FactionPvP | Custom
s8.hosthorde.com:26234;Discharged Network
vanilla.c4servers.space;C4 Vanilla Survival
play-pigcraft.myserver.gs;OP Factions / SkyBlock
GS34.swifthosting.dk:25570;My Giant Zombie
simplsurvival.mcph.co:35064;Simple Survival
vortexpvp.fadehost.com;VortexPvP
151.80.22.82:25621;Dynsaty Factions
TheWild.mc-server.net:25583;The WildMC Network
LukkyLemonzMC.fmc.pw;LukkyLemonzMC | 24/7| Lag Free
51.254.238.184;LoxsSkyblock
192.99.142.200;Crystalline Benderz
play.primemc.eu;PrimeFactions
198.24.165.154:56152;GamingPikachuYT
95.141.32.150:60151;Grimm Universe
Play.ColossusMc.Com:25764;ColossusMC
LordMineCraft.beastmc.com;LordCraft
198.20.127.100:25585;Vita Survival
teamoxion.mygs.co;TeamOxion-Factions
play.swiftrealms.com;SwiftRealms
108.170.21.42:37541;NinjaCraftMC
empyrean.servernux.com;Empyrean Network
151.80.22.82:25621;Dynasty Factions
Play.McWar.Co;McWar.co Skyblock
149.202.79.106:25600;RojasFactions
crazymc.mcserver.ws;CracyMc
108.170.21.42:37541;NinjaMC
play.impulsemc.xyz;Impulse MC
8bitcreative.mc-server.net;8BitCreative
againcreative.mcjoin.it:26105;AgainCreative Modded Survival (eng)(nl)
45.35.62.114:25819;MineWork
diemcraft.ddns.net;DiemFactions
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
mc.neocrafters.es;Neocrafters
mc.swiftmc.us;SwiftMC
Play.YaraCraft.com;YaraCraft
play.baseteq.com;BaseTeq Minecraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
192.99.19.73:27388;The Hopper Network- Vanilla Survival
74.91.119.115;Fungamers
dungeongrid.ranni.ca;Dungeon Grid
spookerzrev.myserver.gs;SpookerzRev
mc.jsocraft.com;JSOCraft
mc.herocraft.us;HerocraftFactions
23.252.117.34:26809;Stellar Exploration Modpack Official
OP.PrisonMine.com;OP PrisonMine
mc.grimtech.co.uk:25585;GrimCraft Legends
LokeCraft.g-s.nu;LokeCraft
162.244.167.71;MinecraftSwag
mistic.no-ip.org;Mistic craft 
heroesleague.mcph.co;Heroes League - PVP - Abilities -
gwngoed.mcjoin.eu;GwnGoed Network
gemcitymc.mcpro.co;Gem City MC
159.203.101.108;Thorbis
158.69.124.205:25652;TitanCraftMC
westernpvp.ddns.net:25585;Western PvP
192.99.21.111:25601;VoidSizedMC
162.244.167.71:42030;Escalator
griscraft.serveminecraft.net;Grsicraft
Hax.farted.net;Farting Hax
crazycraft.mygs.co;servivle
mc.realmoftowny.com;Realm of Towny
play.scorchedmc.com:25587;ScorchedMC
knockmc.us;Knock MC
162.244.167.81:46509;Claimability-clans Factions
198.143.140.237;ShadyFalls
realismdefined.mcph.co:21;Realism Defined
banditfandom.mcpro.co;Bandit Fandom
DiamondCraftV3.Us.To;DiamondCraftV3 Reloaded
Play.MassivePrisons.Com:26156;MassivePrisons
crazymc.mcserver.ws;CrazyMc
s9.minespan.com:25856;MeepWorld
Play.retronixpvpnetwork.com;Retronixpvp 
108.170.6.138:55375;SavageGasmPVP
play.noxusau.com;NoxusAU PvP | Faction
haypvp.mygs.co;HayPvP
192.99.44.134:28869;SapCraft survival towny
play.aurorafactions.com;Aurora Factions
livetodieserver.hosthorde.net:26200;Live To Die
Fireworkparty.tk;FireWorkParty
192.99.44.134:28869;SapCraft giving out VIP rank
FeudalPvP.com;Best Factions server ever
mineworld.is.my;MineWorld
playbeast.beastmc.com;BeastPvP
play.experiamc.com;ExperiaMC
151.80.22.82:25621;Dynasty Factions
GS34.swifthosting.dk:25573;KBHCraft
play.craftxd.com;CraftXD
185.28.189.198:25981;SkyCraft
SeTexCraft.bhsrv.de;SeTexCraft
90.196.154.36;UltraCraft
185.38.148.44:25573;FreedomOpFactions Need staff
142.4.218.166:26173;abFactions
192.99.20.204:41702;StormRaids
158.69.54.213:41249;BigerCraft
37.187.134.194:29503;Duo-Servers
snipercinema.tk;SniperCinema
pvp.craftit4you.com;Craftit4you
167.114.100.227:25597;Heart of Fire
RageQuitCraft.dlinkddns.com;Rage Quit Craft
167.114.102.199:25631;NeonCraft
mc.adventurecraft.us.to;AdventureCraft Bending
158.69.24.137:26275;MiggyCraft
play.Icy-Factions.com;RealityHCF
Play.BedlamMC.net;BedlamMC Network
192.99.44.134:28869;SapCraft towny unique
pvp.venomraids.net;Venom Raids
mc.thegearmc.com;TheGearMC
s7.hosthorde.com:26301;CreativeMC
battalionpvp.mcserver.ws;battalionPvP
mcprison.org;MC Prison
ApolloPvP.mcnh.co;ApolloPvP
192.99.24.128:25850;Das_Derpy_Server
5.196.90.55:25857;G-Fierce
bidoofcraft.net;Bidoof Craft
mycworld.mcph.co:3769;CreativeAlyie
203.98.81.46;Galaxy Factions
NestMC.uk.to;NestMC
IronicMc.com;IronicMc
192.99.147.79:25641;The Break Room
158.69.116.80:41965;NeonCraft Factions
play.mccore.us:25230;CoreHQ - The PvP Network
BluCraft.mygs.co;BluCraft
s17.minespan.com:26446;The Premise
23.94.121.151;SlayerCraft
BluCraft.mygs.co;BluCraft
BluCraft.mygs.co;BluCraft
185.38.148.75:25588;MicroTechPvP
158.85.69.138:55745;KitsuneKingdoms
lavaspiritserver.mcph.co;LavaGamers
119.81.65.243:27439;TempleOfAssassins
93.114.82.103;Survival.B-Zone.Ro - Survival & PvP
Gamerz.mygs.co;DeathCraft
158.69.54.213:41650;PlantedFactions
89.239.194.227;OPDK
play.ownagenetwork.net;OwnageNetwork
onlinegames.dmch.nl;Online Games Server
79.124.56.55:25570;InsaneCraft BG
joelcraft.tk;JoelCraft
151.80.22.58:25646;AkkailCraft
play.SlamPvp.be;SlamPvp
suncity.serv.nu;suncity 24 7
37.187.146.16:28722;Gamemode Fun
StarGateCommand.serv.nu;StarGate Command
192.99.44.159:40688;Pig Craft
149.202.64.7:25683;MDCow
XMinePrison.com;XMine Prison
149.202.64.7:25675;HudleCraft Factions
seoulmc.tk;SeoulMC
battalionpvp.mcserver.ws;BattalionPvP
halocraft.serveminecraft.net;HaloCraft 2.0
Play.kingpvp.org;KingPvP
s12.hosthorde.com:25922;ChromaticPvP
174.138.171.122:57694;Verendusnetwork
144.76.75.200:9224;Omega Block SMP
mc04.serveromat.net:37906;StealCraft
grom.mcpro.co;Grom (Supervivencia)
kawaiiworld.fluctis.com:27101;KawaiiWorld
mc.minefuture.com;MineFuture
167.114.173.91:37971;SimVanilla
hybridcraft.noip.us;HybridCraft
play.jailmine.co.uk;luis_gameplay
xjazzamcmct1.connectminecraft.com;CrazedUniverseAU
107.6.189.123:25585;BlitzPvP
69.175.57.202:25585;Lucia Real Life Roleplay
crazymc.mcserver.ws;CrazyMc
titansw.beastmc.com;Titan Skywars
glassnet.info;GlassNetwork
167.114.54.242;Kingdoms Of Uskerth
crazymc.mcserver.ws;CrazyMc
play.server075.com;skyblock - Island PvP - www.skyblock.nl
mc.shimmeringskies.mcfrag.net;ShimmeringSkies
mc.tempusrealms.com;Tempus Realms
Blockify.us;zallouche
Rainbox.Nitrado.net:3306;RainBox
176.31.106.157:25388;MinePrisonCraft
158.69.185.104;GLatam
142.4.218.51:48980;ObsidianTechMC
159.8.75.36:31647;BullsEyePvP Survival EU
185.38.148.185:25574;StrixPvP
192.99.44.75:27945;ExoticMc
InfernusFactions.minehost.com.ar:50076;Infernus Factions 
s4.minespan.com:25946;DaleCraft
149.202.86.136:25582;Thunder PvP
mc.mickyd.net:25683;MDCow
212.129.63.230;EKT - EliteKamikazeTeam Survial
151.80.22.82:25621;Dynasty Factions
lightningcraft.vgmc.us:25695;Lightningcraft
EaglePVP.mcph.co;EaglePVP
mc.sensationcraft.com;Sensation Craft
nintendocraft.serverminer.com:26454;NintendoCraft
pvpkit.com;MCCritZ
daedra.craft.gg;Daedra Factions PVP
185.38.149.37:25583;One Piece Journey
roleplay.settleandconquer.com;Settle&Conquer
blockyhills.com;Blocky Hills
tgt-network.mcph.co;TGT Zombie_Island
MinecraftHG.com;survival games
149.202.64.7:25675;HudleCraft Factions
149.202.64.7:25675;HudleCraft Factions
RubyZone.Net;RubyZone
192.99.47.146:40973;McCreepyPasta 
167.114.118.215:25740;Pve world
167.114.173.91:37851;La Wea Network
heroesleague.mcph.co;Heroes League - PVP - Classes
mc.candycraft.org;candycraft
MysticCraft.crafted.pro;MysticCraft
45.35.63.82:25798;RetractMC
trippycraft.com:25575;TrippyCraft
ethical.crafted.pro;Ethical
192.99.173.168;Porkchop PvP
impulsesweg.us.to;ImpulseSweg
quickstormpvp.mcph.co;QuickSormPVP
buf.pc.nether.co;NetherBox Buffalo PC Test Server
raid.dellirum.com;Dellirum
play.ownagenetwork.net:25636;play.ownagenetwork.net
Play.Zeproniamc.com;Zepronia
redfactions.mcraft.pro;Red Factions
198.84.193.195:25597;Sky Block Pro
play.pvp-realms.net;PvP Realms
MaincraftDK.serv.nu;MaincraftDK
149.202.195.28;TruckCraft
dutchswitch.scrhosting.nl;DutchSwitch
s50.mineserv.eu:22023;EsPlay
FreedomCraft.playsrv.nl:25890;FreedomCraft
51.255.216.64;DeltaMc
149.202.64.7:25675;HudleCraft Factions
thecraftingdead.com;CraftingDead Offical 
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
192.99.19.190:28911;NexusCraft-factions
opbukkit.mcph.co:6174;Join now its epic
163.158.253.94;Faction Economy 010
pandagigo.omgcraft.fr:13088;PandaGigo
95.141.32.150:60153;IllusiveCraft
158.69.117.129:25590;ExoPvP
192.99.20.81:25649;Lalaland Reborn
hax-network.farted.net;HaxNetwork
play.redcraft.ga;RedCraft
92.222.215.177;StainedRain
mc.direcraft.com;DireCraft
play.lunarpvp.me;LunarPvP
92.222.215.173;Mc.Legacy.com
townycraft.dk;Townycraft.dk
play.royalgamerz.eu;RoyalGamerz
wowzone.mygs.co;WowZone (ONLINE)
37.123.98.182;OGKilla15
167.114.116.18:25615;Nexus Minecraft
108.60.199.246;Tigers OP Factions
158.69.117.129:25628;Unknown Prison
149.202.74.145:25945;ReduxPVP
158.69.124.205:25596;PvPHub
Us.VedusMc.com;VedusMc
mc.zenithalnetworks.uk;Zenithal Networks
RebornPvP.mcserv.pro;RebornPvp
minecraft.noplayentertainment.com:26238;The Man Consesus Server
play.roguemc.net;RogueMC
play.everythingsurvival.net;Everything Survival
stancraft.mcpro.co;StanCraft
primalnetwork.net;Primal Network
Play.MysticRealms.us;MysticRealms
mc.obeycraft.com;ObeyCraft
goldennations.mcpro.co;Golden Nations - 2016 Roleplay
play.effectmc.xyz;EffectMC
192.99.173.168;PorkchopPvP
omnipvp.com;OmniPvP
kittencraft.nitrous.it;KittenCraft
play.infinite-studio.net;Infinite-Studio Network
tictac.mcpro.eu;TaccaCraft
Play.AzeronMc.Us;AzeronMc
149.202.90.4:40414;MineShaft
173.236.89.124:25586;AzecCraft
us.stumpcraft.net;StumpCraft
68.233.228.144:26177;Minepixel Hack PvP
skyofnet.myserver.gs:40953;SkyOfNet
FortunePvP.mcph.co;FortunePvP
23.94.150.13;funtownFactions
KingPvP.mygs.co:40008;Pixlantis
s11.hosthorde.com:26401;Dragonwarriors
sharpgaming.spartanhost.net;SharpGaming
s12.hosthorde.com:25898;Ascend To Factions
GGCraft.Addicted2.Ro;GGCraft
play.lapisblast.com;Lapis Blast 
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
TurtleCraft.minecraft360.de;TurtleCraftFreebuild
minehost45.host-unlimited.de:28920;ScoPyro
mineheroes.net;xD
craftplex.zapto.org;Craftplex
192.99.47.48;Crunchy Craft
167.114.103.186:36389;TiggerCraft
KnightVerse.mcph.co;Knight Verse
TurtlePVP.mcph.eu;TurtlePVP
158.69.237.130;AmeriCraft
46.4.90.169:25568;gemi-prison
185.56.136.205;Inferal Empire
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
45.34.7.140;RazorCoreFactions
45.34.7.140;RazorCore Factions
mc.glowcraft.net;GlowCraft
149.202.69.30:25745;Itzzprison
Blockify.mcph.co;Blockify
halflife.factions.ws;Half-Life Factions 
golicraft.net;GoliCraft
wafflefactions.fadehost.com;WaffleFactions
198.20.179.130:26905;The Citadel - Hub
SkyNetworkNL.servermc.nl;SkyNetwork
extremepvp.fluctis.com;MiniGamer
troxcraft.servegame.com;TroxCraft
ludusmc.mcho.us;LudusMC
mc.koalanetwork.eu;Koala Network
198.27.82.46:27298;javakitpvp
177.38.231.197;SkyWars Barreiro
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
167.114.118.196:25579;ChaosFactions
Play.RebornFactions.Net:52184;Reborn Factions
192.99.33.205:25521;bloodtypea.mcraft.pro
OpPrison.Craftthat.net;CraftThat Op-Prison Server
harpcraft.mcpro.co;HarpCraft Amazing KitPvP
spectrum.mc-server.net:25610;Spectrum Survival
198.24.160.34:32081;Mount Monroe
SinPrison.net;Sin Prison
SinPrison.net;Sin Prison
SinPrison.net;Sin Prison
s21.minespan.com:26464;WolvesCraft
167.114.118.218:25867;Panther Craft
SinPrison.net;Sin Prison
SinPrison.net;Sin Prison
gulfpvp.fadehost.com;GulfPvP
198.24.162.90:45531;Fort Stone Guard
168.1.74.8:48107;OneShotNetwork
KyaniteCraft.us.to;KyaniteCraft
s15.minespan.com:26553;SurgeCraft
play.coincraft.org:25698;Coin Craft Online
51.255.96.228;BlueBerryCraft
167.114.100.112:25590;AstralRealmsMC
MageMC.serv.nu:20228;MageMC
phoenixnetwork.nitrous.it;PheonixNetwork
167.114.41.246;AddictionMc
91.121.95.35;DustCraft
Craftplex.zapto.org;CraftPlex
play.olympicfactions.com;Olympic Factions
198.100.146.228:25718;KaotikCraft
188.165.232.210:28077;CCX
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
velyz.craft.vg;Velyz-Craft
orangepvp.tk;OrangePvP | PvP-Server
192.99.231.16;LimeMc
162.244.165.101:55130;Plague Legion
sonoscraft.mcph.co;SonosCraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
mc-thrones.com;ThroneCraft
167.114.118.139:25786;FlowerPowerFactions
mineblock.fadehost.com;mineblock
192.99.46.97;Infernocraft
skinfactions.mcpro.co;MCSkinz Factions Drugs
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
mc.m4stercraft.com;M4sterCraft
mysticbending.mcserver.ws:25793;MysticBending
phenomenalcraft.clovux.net;PhenomenalCraft
UnknownServer.serv.nu;Unknown Server
MagmaRealm.Net;MagmaRealm
108.178.58.69;Noldorinan
puritymc.com;Purity
play.repulsefactions.net;RepulseFactions
167.114.118.196:25579;Chaos Factions
ShadowCraft.mcserver.me;Shadow Craft
213.129.111.44:25566;VeryCraft
Nuclearpvp.tk:28511;NuclearPvP
192.169.44.5:25568;Dub Galaxy
gamescraft.mcserver.ws:25881;Games Craft
fart.us.to;Fart
Play.piggy-craft.eu;PiggyCraft NetWork
95.141.32.170:60149;Clubsenpais
37.187.73.200:26107;Modern Factions
grindmc.com;GrindMC
51.254.16.178;vaskocraft
sixxcraft.com;Sixxcraft
mnetwork.me;MNetwork
play.exituscraft.net;Exituscraft
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;just survival (no lag)
minewonderland.com;MineWonderLand
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;just survival (no lag)
192.99.21.75:28807;DubCity
impulsesweg.us.to;ImpulseSweg
fartfactions.uk.to;FartFactions
mc.drewper.com;DrewperCraft
mc.ulsteinlan.com;Ulan Party | Custom Plugins/Gamemodes
mine.theobsidianorder.org;The Obsidian Order
GempirePVP.com;Free OP for a limited time
GempirePVP.com;Free OP for a limited time
GempirePVP.com;Free OP for a limited time
GempirePVP.com;Free OP for a limited time
89.163.140.47:2210;WePlay
162.244.167.11:48121;DestinedFlame
play.skygrid.nl;Skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;Skygrid.nl
metrorealms.net;MetroRealms
Sentnet.US;Sentinel Network - Infinity Evolved
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
swegrepublic.us.to;SwegRepublic
play.sinprison.net;Sin Prison
justkits.fluctis.com;JustKits
mythicalparks.com;MythicalParks
104.36.85.35:26153;MineOre Network
play.teslaprounity.com;Tesla Pro Unity
s4.minespan.com:26308;RealityHCF
s3.hosthorde.com:26202;GreenValley Survival
192.99.44.71:27736;SheepCraft
Revived.us;Revived
supercraft.millermatt.com;SuperCraft
SurvivalFun.g-s.nu;SurvivalFun
s16.hosthorde.com:26251;HammyGaming
167.114.103.189:25895;Dino Onesies Official Server
pizzagaming.mcph.co;PizzaGaming
TheFireFrontNetwork.net;FireFront
creationaus.ddns.net;CreationAUS
play.BroscraftIV.com;Broscraft IV - Return of the Bros
SkyFight.serv.nu;SkyFight
GamingForce.serv.nu;GamingForce
WoutDoesGaming.dmch.nl;WoutDoesGaming
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
159.8.75.39:48644;Junglecraft
minecraft-romania.noip.me;HappyNework 24/7 up Ro
Play.tn-craft.xyz;Tn-Craft
splash.mcph.eu;Splash
play.laggycraft.com;LaggyCraft
159.8.75.37:36287;TheLounge
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
GhelatosMC.myserver.gs;GhelatosMC
eepgames.net;EepGames
168.1.74.13:64728;AustralianFactions
summoncraft.omgcraft.fr;Summon
uniplex.on.vg;Uniplex
voidfactionz.mcph.co;VoidFactions
Minecam.serv.nu:40333;MineCam
158.69.226.16:25578;OrbCraft
s1.hosthorde.com:26352;Shift Network - needs Staff
188.165.226.119:25689;Emerald PVP
FanaticNetwork.net;FanaticNetwork
server.okmc.xyz;OKMC
ShadowGaming.Swifthosting.dk;ShadowGaming
37.59.51.136:25892;EnderWorldsMC
play.kryptic-mc.net;KrypticMc
play.badasscraft.com;BadassCraft
Play.PhenomenalNation.net;Phenomenal Nation
198.24.171.90:56956;CuriousCraft
lunarsky.mine.gg;LunarSky
play.sinprison.net;Sin Prison
192.95.40.59;Donut
158.69.226.219:40864;Bacon Craft Factions
Tr3xServer.mchost.pro;Tr3xServer
Blockify.mcph.co;Blockify
149.202.64.7:25675;HudleCraft Factions
Pokeprime.mcpro.co;PokePrime
explicitpvp.mooo.com:25573;Explicit PvP
play.cowskingdom.net;Cows Kingdom
69.175.52.202;JJaCraft
167.114.118.143:25586;ClayCraft
pixelmc.de;PixelMC
158.69.118.216:25631;Random Axe Prison
RichlyPvP.factions.ws;RichlyPvP
192.99.17.180:28095;Super Fun Network Factions
192.99.201.99:25771;The Ages
s9.minespan.com:26003;Assassins Factions
198.24.166.242:56365;The Maze
s29.hosthorde.com:26043;Survival Of The Fittest 
RagePvP.qc.to:27307;RagePvp
198.24.161.158;RaidingNation
23.235.224.78;SteakNet
play.elusionz-islands.com;Elusionz-Islands
192.99.221.224;Astral Realms MC
162.244.164.81:54676;Needs a name and developer
mccubecraft.fluctis.com:26265;McCubeCraft
162.244.164.81:54676;needs developer/staff and builders
swegrepublic.us.to;ShitNigger
swegrepublic.us.to;ShitNigger
play.scorchedmc.com:25597;scorchemc
172.88.166.157;DigitialRealms
insecure.iceblaze.com;McPvPnetwork
play.scorchedmc.com;ScorchedMC
104.219.4.25;BakeryFactions
thecheesecommunity.mcph.co;TheCheeseCommunity
balisticcraft.mymc.io;BallisticCraft
play.sinprison.net;Sin Prison
play.sinprison.net;Sin Prison
play.sinprison.net;Sin Prison
198.24.170.146:57594;RebornPvP
167.114.101.146;GodZone
69.23.44.59:25560;DeathMatch Quickie 
survive.no-ip.org;SurviveCraft
167.114.173.225:25648;Sulphur Craft
167.114.48.220;Ravens Roost
minesmash.tk;MineSmashPvP
DropDeadGaming.Mcpro.co;DropDeadGaming Official Server
192.99.21.47:25607;ManlyCraft
play.arcaneleague.us;ArcaneLeague
qurzacraft.mcph.co;QurzaCraft
saiphpvp.mcph.co:36673;SaiphPvP
s21.minespan.com:26489;MedHaven
192.99.18.173:26055;Grass Nation
Johnathanjmc.mcpro.co;Johnathan MC
projectedge.ddns.net;Project Edge
mc.prisonzone.net;PrisonZone
192.99.101.159:45292;CakeCraft OP Prison
192.99.101.159:45292;CakeCraft Op prison Staff needed
play.vikinglegacy.net;Viking Legacy
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
151.80.246.116:25667;NightPVP
mc.blockdrop.net;Adem Aldagul
66.151.244.188:25566;CFG Apocalyptic Diamondas
185.57.189.37:15566;EmpireRises
176.31.26.194;Apocolypse Faction
s10.hosthorde.com:25965;Aramoor
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.opticalminecraft.com;OpticalMinecraft
molly-world.serv.nu:41266;Molly World
45.35.63.82:25793;arrowcraft
bullet-network.serv.nu;Bullet-Network
play.mythiccraft.net;MythicCraft
88.150.171.32;TheTurkeyBurgerServer
Craftshaft.apexmc2.co;Craftshaft
DivineMCServer.com;DivineMC
173.236.104.29:25585;KainsCraft
mc.minelord.net;MineLord
Saicopvp.com;SMP
funtasticmc.mcph.co;FuntasticMC
23.235.224.78;SteakNet
Obeliskgaming.net;ObeliskGaming
62.210.101.148:25573;Mineraider64
play.assembled.us;Assembled
173.236.95.245:25585;SledgeCraft Factions
craftex.mcph.co;CraftExtra
craftex.mcph.co;CraftExtra
PvpFinest.mcpro.co;Finest Pvp
play.civilpvp.com;Civil PvP
optnt.mcpro.co;OpTNT (Needs Staff)
cloudprison.zapto.org:25689;Cloud Prison
vectorprison.com;VectorPrison
192.99.46.151:26056;BeuxCraft
69.175.124.74:25585;TmjKits
192.99.116.249;PyroFactions
Hub.RayzorMc.Net;RayzorMc
cookies.us.to;CookieCreative
cookies.us.to;CookieCreative
cookies.us.to;CookieCreative
ambientpvp.majestichosts.com:23654;AmbientPVP
krypictowny.us.to;KryPic MC
play.hyrnemc.com;HyrneMC
mc.ironcorenetwork.com;IronCore
play.uprisemc.net;UpriseMC
play.asumcraft.com;aSUMcraft
142.4.206.234;Mercypvp.com
fartfactions.uk.to;NiggerFaggot
xonnetwork.xyz;Xon-Network
play.the-ingot.com;TheJohnSmith
167.114.156.201:26064;WC networks
158.69.120.198:25610;CraftingParadise
mc.opkingdom.com;OPKingdom
gamescape.mcpro.co;gamescape
79.124.56.51:25568;ShuttlePvP
192.99.201.226:28531;McMegaFactions
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
mc4.infinityhosting.hu:25612;DoubleGaming
mezqui10.craft.gg;mezqui10 - server
149.202.68.32:26119;The League of Salty Gentlement Server
play.badasscraft.com;BadassCraft
5.196.123.173:25579;UnixPlay
mc.wisegamer.net;wisegamer
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
151.80.78.207:29009;DionCraft
37.187.72.204:25741;The Pixelcraft
185.28.189.138:59207;ExodusPVP
185.133.72.30:25567;Fantopia
OptimumMC.fmc.pw;Optimum MC
158.69.118.234:25645;Born2Craft
s16.hosthorde.com:26258;Darthon Army PVP
94.23.9.145:25568;play.TheWalkingDead.com
minesosia.omgcraft.fr;MineSoSia
pvp.blastmine.fr;Blastmine Serveur pvp-faction-tnt
198.20.109.251;ZoneFactions
149.202.70.151:25660;X_koko_X
70.35.240.132;Phoenix
Flexhy.net;Flexhy.net
96.127.135.58:42189;Master Build Craft
minez.minecrafthouse.com.br;endercraft
minez.minecrafthouse.com.br;endercraft
167.114.100.222:25751;Mitsubisuki
167.114.159.136;Xiphias
play.kekocraft.es:25566;Kekocraft
65.60.0.174:25585;Flyrealm
ApexPvP.apexmc2.co;ApexPvP
play.mergicalgaming.com;Mergic Pixelmon
phantomsmc.ddns.net;Phantom Network MC
mc.nextlvlpvp.net;NextlvlPvP
50.128.136.31;Pabbs MC Server
23.235.232.94:55033;CobraCraft
192.99.44.40:25587;Game of Stones
158.69.172.74;Colossal SMP
Play.Astro-Network.net;Astro-Network
mc.mythalium.com;Mythalium Network
mc.amityfactions.com;AmityFactions
play.pokecrazed.org;PokeCrazed
pixelmon2.mc-squad.com:25570;PokeSquad2
192.99.161.57:27308;Skyblock Kingdoms
mc.microwavecompany.org;The Microwave Company
s3.minespan.com:26006;survival craft
95.156.228.160;Timeless
Arsenicpvp.mcserver.ws;ArsenicPvP
162.244.165.101:36447;TitanCraft
lusocraft.on.vg;LusoCraft
node21.ranni.ca:26834;Nexus Factions 1 7 & 1 8
play.qubepvp.com;QubePvP
Impulsefactions.ml;Impulsefactions
5.255.85.198:26459;MC-Server-NL
GS38.swifthosting.dk:25582;SokyCraft
158.69.124.35:41519;Wicked Mines
192.73.233.226;The Glowstone Network
galgadorianpvp.noip.me;Galgadorian
88.150.224.58:26232;The Chasm
Play.SkyKarnaval.Net;SkyKarnaval
mc02.serveromat.net:27308;SnowFaction
play.pvppark.eu;PvP-Park
37.187.146.164:41548;BattleCraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
37.187.133.216:27564;ParanomalGalaxy Network
Play.CoalitionFactions.com;Coalition Factions
Minefinity.net;Minefinity.net
167.114.100.229:27910;StormCraft
PvpFinest.mcpro.co;PvpFinest.mcpro.co
mc.mncraft.net;MineNix
MCMobsters.com;MobstersMC
kingdomsofuskerth.zapto.org;Kingdoms Of Uskerth Factions Bending
kingdomsofuskerth.zapto.org;Kingdoms Of Uskerth Factions Bending
162.244.167.91:65521;NarCraft
SurvivalCraft.apexmc2.co;ApexPvP
Blurkit.net;blurkitcraft
jigoku.net;JigokuCraft
arsenicpvp.mcserver.ws;ArsenicPvP
jogar.bigcraft.com.br;BigCraft
beefworlds.mcph.co;Beef Worlds
kingdomsofuskerth.zapto.org;Kingdoms of Uskerth Factions Bending
kingdomsofuskerth.zapto.org;Kingdoms of Uskerth Factions Bending
kingdomsofuskerth.zapto.org;Kingdoms Of Uskerth Factions Bending
198.143.142.198;TrickeyCraft
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;MemeNetwork
Mineall.myserver.gs;Mineall
198.24.165.238;NetherVerse
sanyal.duckdns.org;sanyalcraft
mc.motionsnetwork.com;MotionsFactions
play.spaceprison.org;SpacePrison
pvp.minestash.com;MineStash
incision.mcph.co;Incision
168.1.74.13:64728;AustralianFactions
91.121.30.138:25566;MC.UXG.RO
93.123.18.13;LegendaryPvP Survival
lordminecraft.com;LordMinecraft
119.81.145.70:58228;PixelTale
178.32.247.198;MassCraft
64.31.51.243;Latincraft
beckpvp.net;BeckPvP
64.31.51.243;Latincraft
DCFactions.xyz:26008;DraconicFactions
mineflow.network;Mineflow PvP
Wolfcraftgames.mc-srv.com;The Wolves Den
GuardianPVP.eu;GuardianPVP.eu
vredskycraft.mchost.pro;RedSkyCraft
nekocraft.mcpro.eu;Nekocraft
DeadlyCraft.myserver.gs:40292;DeadlyCraft
MashedCraft.cubed.pro:25839;MashedCraft
Mc.Clashpvp.net;Clashpvp
51.255.10.151;Mendsity Network
infinite.play-mc.me;TheInfiniteNetwork - Factions
play.beastquest.net;BeastQuest Factions
37.187.137.104:25401;LetsBuildFreedom
mcdiamondfire.com;DiamondFire - create your own minigames
Thug-Network.com;Thug - Network
mc.pixiecraft.net;PixieCraft
149.202.66.219:41055;HappyChicken.serv.nu
65.60.0.174:25585;Flyrealm
play.arisingempires.com;Arising Empires
37.187.153.8:28847;Fallout OldWorld Blues
mc.ApolloKits.us;ApolloKits
104.219.5.55;TheBioTech
play.engineeringparks.us;engineeringparks
electric-recoil.mcph.co:43222;Electric-Recoil
tf.us.to;Tech Fortress
192.99.200.210:28165;TitanKinngdoms
phoenixrealmsmc.com;Phoenix MC
ProSMPMc.mcph.co;ProSMPMc
play.amnesianight.com;AmnesiaNight
mc.frostyskyblock.com;Frosty Skyblock
Play.CookieMC.org;CookieMC - Survival | And More
Endcraft.net;End Craft
87.98.241.203:25570;EndlessPvP
planetarycraft.mcpro.eu;Planetarycraft
203.57.45.232;XenSen
46.105.208.123;MedievalPrison
142.4.218.166:26162;FarAceKnightsPVP
factionscraft.co.uk:28807;Factionscraft
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;Just Survival
Lusocraft.on.vg;LusoCraft
51.255.15.252;ExplosionMc
portugalgames.craft.vg;PortugalGames
play.furiouscraft.info;furiouscraft
s21.minespan.com:26491;Craving Revenge PvP
158.69.241.24:25571;Shockwave
193.111.140.228:26312;HoppyCraft
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
mc.ApolloKits.us;ApolloKits
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
s1.mcraft.gr:25568;Immortal Chaos
bellerplay.ru;BellerCraft
mc.blazecraft.gq;BlazeCraft
46.105.111.188:25666;PvPrison
198.27.67.178:25133;HoverrCraft
VoxelNetwork.net;VoxelNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
play.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticNetwork
cyancreative.mcph.co:33376;Cyan Creative
69.175.72.201:25585;Next Generation Warfare
play.firesoftitan.com;UltraCraft
play.firesoftitan.com;Ultra Craft
modfactions.cubed.pro;Modern Factions Join Now
cobaltpvp.serv.nu;CobaltPVP
DinoLand.no-ip.org:27299;DinoLand
68.61.29.154;VenomCraft Factions
prisonage.com;PrisonAge
swjoin.myserver.gs;LothusCraft
158.85.69.136;NiftyMC
s5.hosthorde.com:26232;Legendary Realmz
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
vskyblock.us;VSkyBlock
vortexpvp.fadehost.com;VortexPvP
magod.desireho.st;MAGOD
shadowpvp.co:25630;Shadow Pvp
192.99.150.95:41558;DestinyMC
hcf.futurepvp.com;Future HCF
hazedPvP.com;Hazed PvP
Multi-craft.no-ip.org;MultiCraft
198.24.172.58:27094;VectorCraftPro
198.24.172.58:61233;DivinityCraft
play.survivalcraftmc.net;The SurvivalCraft-MC Network
play.MCDUNIA.net;DUNIA
192.99.38.169:41209;FriendsOnMC
wp.westdover.org;Warp Paradox
162.244.164.81:35037;To lazy to make a name.
s29.hosthorde.com:25996;Grandlose
wp.westdover.org;Warp Paradox
RPG.dennisxddxdd.com;OverLord-RPG
192.99.116.198;District PvP
theanomirealms.mcpro.co;TheAnomiRealms
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.luckyprison.com;Lucky prison
play.pokegasm.com;Pokegasm
play.mutexpvp.net;mutexpvp
mc.entrania.com;entrania
199.187.123.115:25576;Minetastics
pinwazkev.fluctis.com;pinwazkev.ml
TTGCraft.serv.nu;TTG Craft
skycraftserver.zapto.org;SkyCraft Server
192.99.21.75:28738;KingSortCraft
TheEye.us.to;The Eye
23.235.232.94:53843;NikzloFireCraft
play.primuspvp.com;PrimusPVP
s10.minespan.com:26505;Emerald Kingdom
cobblepvp.net;CobblePvP
AJCraft.myserver.gs;AJCraft
squadpvp.serv.nu;PvpSquad
mc.beanblockz.com;Beanblockz
mc.beanblockz.com;Beanblockz
play.mythicalpvp.net;MythicalPvP
invisablekingdom.nl:25567;IVGKingdom
142.4.218.166:26103;Orange Cloud Network
shadowpvp.co;Shadow Kitpvp
play.shadow-games.com;ShadowGames
RonnCraftPixelmon.gs.ngz.at;RonnCraft Pixelmon
play.epicraft.net;Epicraft
136.243.172.91:25599;tmdgcraft
arcticcraft.mchost.pro;Arctic Craft
play.pvpingnetwork.net;PvPingMC
play.pvpingnetwork.net;PvPingMC
158.69.124.35:41319;UltraCraft
tacocraft.mygs.co;tacocraft
veroxous.mcpro.co;Veroxous Factions
74.86.113.213:25577;ForsakenPvP
milkeyservers.com;Milkeyservers
play.galaxycity.org;Galaxy City 
CooCraft.serverminer.com;CooCraft
play.modernmc.net;ModernMC
play.baseteq.com;Baseteq
hundacraft.cubed.pro;HundaCraft
devilfactions.serv.nu;Devil Factions
sneezykingdomnl.speelmc.nl;SneezyKingdoms
192.99.148.48:30333;GalaxyPVP
Deathcraftfactions.mygs.co;Deathcraft
80.95.150.246;SynaXcraft
162.244.164.1:39833;RevivedMC
192.99.148.48:30333;BlocksPvP
mc.battlemania.net;BattleMania
SurvivalCraft.apexmc2.co;ApexPvP (need staff players yt) 
HeroFactions.net;oTeams
Play.McCore.US;McCore
SupaCraft.serv.nu;SupaCraft
www.mcraft.io;World Wide War  Flans mod
houleiocraft.us.to:25587;HouleioCraft
hundacraft.cubed.pro;hunda
185.38.148.46:25572;PikaMania
beefworlds.mcph.co;Beef Worlds Factions
192.99.148.48:30333;GalaxyPVP
94.23.255.61:27951;InsanePvP
join.ForceFactions.com;ForceFactions
Austriaminer.de:2215;Austriaminer.de
198.143.150.112;OverloadedMC
158.69.124.35:40065;PokePrison | Prison
SkiesMC.Net;SkiesMC
RoyalPugs.mcph.co;RoyalPugs
mc.mysticalwithers.org;MysticalWithers
173.26.188.35;PhoenixPvp
184.154.29.32:25585;TMS
37.187.146.16:28763;MythicalNetwork
37.187.139.123:28545;The Flag
s2.minespan.com:26388;Goharns SMP
winz8835.zadforge.de;winzlp
23.94.159.92;Fire Faction Server Need Staff
legithaven.ddns.net;LegitHaven
play.phenom-network.co.uk;Phenom Network
192.99.201.226:25583;KaoS Pvp
play.minevault.net;MineVault
s9.minespan.com:26194;Miners Legacy
158.69.26.30:25641;Aircraft Factions
play.emc.gs;Empire Minecraft
legithaven.ddns.net;LegitHaven
legithaven.ddns.net;LegitHaven
legithaven.ddns.net;LegitHaven
192.99.44.40:25598;AirCraft-NeeD PlayerS Could-use staff
192.99.44.2:25949;Legendary Factions
192.99.148.48:30333;GalaxyPVP
deathrealm.factions.ws:25765;DeathRealm
play.cortexmc.net;CortexMC
HaxorusPvP.g-s.nu;Haxocraft
disastercraft.mcph.co;Disaster Craft
108.170.8.146:51552;Incandescent Craft
legithaven.ddns.net;LegitHaven
Play.Konerale.net;Konerale Network
168.1.74.8;SugarCraft
mc.firevill.com;greekfactions
s1.hosthorde.com:26098;GlooperDashHD
play.vemicraft.com;Vemicraft
167.114.116.145:25840;GMS Pixelmon Servers
178.33.173.99;League Of Miner
188.165.226.119:25570;Godskills
us.lichcraft.com;LichCraft
viruspvp.com:25587;VirusPvP
hundacraft.cubed.pro;hundacraft
s15.minespan.com:26537;GameCreative (Survival)
37.228.137.152;enderServer
5.196.83.57:41256;ImperioCraft
s31.hosthorde.com:26104;SeaWorld Minecraft
play.diacrafteu.com;DiaCraft
RealityNet.mcph.co;RealityHCF
Cussionmc.ranni.ca;CussionMC
renegadepvp.beastmc.com;Renegade Factions - Potion PVP
158.69.117.100:25735;DragonRealm
elementalhub.mcph.co;Elemental Hub
jogar.craftando.com.br;Craftando Brasil
poodlegames.mcph.co;poodlegames
play.stoffern.no;StoffernMC
hundacraft.cubed.pro;hundacraft
uniityscraft.serv.nu;UniitysCraft
thorncraftmc.mcph.co;Thorncraft
ShadowPvp.co;Shadow Pvp
ShadowPvp.co;Shadow Pvp
minestorys.ddns.net;Minestorys
167.114.8.33;GodRealm
play.trainscraft.com;Trainscraft
198.24.171.42:58059;Minedex
purplecraft.mcpro.eu;PurpleCraft
shadowpvp.co;Shadow KitPvp
SwiftShotpvp.com;Swiftshotpvp
bedrockcraft.mcph.eu;BedrockCraft
mc.tempestmc.com;TempestMC
mc.victoriouspvp.com;Victorious Teams
potentialpvp.us;PotentialPVP
108.163.219.158;OverwatchPvP Factions
play.impulsemc.xyz;ImpulseMC (need helper)
158.69.225.12:25638;HorizonFlans
MC.ApexNetwork.US;Apex Gaming
HearthProxy.g-s.nu:41731;Hearth MC
factionpro.mcph.co;FactionPro
Midgard.world;Midgard
s12.hosthorde.com:25886;AnatiCraft
69.175.52.20;Extreme Craft
HydraCraftMC.mcraft.pro;HydraCraftMC
88.150.171.37;Advanced Network
68.61.29.154;Venom Craft
68.61.29.154;Venom Craft
68.61.29.154;Venom Craft
68.61.29.154;Venom Craft
68.61.29.154;Venom Craft
BravecraftMC.serv.nu:11117;BraveCraftMC
159.8.75.36:60888;TronCraft
Minetopiafun.myserver.gs;Faction
mine-experience.com;mine experience
nitemcnetwork.net;NiteMC Network
51.254.245.135:25572;ShadowMC
craftaholicprison.us.to;Craftaholic Prison
play.mystichero.com;Mystic Hero
23.229.5.186:25567;Sskyblock 
herofactions.net;Hero Factions
167.114.65.210:25874;Minequest
185.28.189.136:27662;Nexus Dimensions
arkusmc.net;ArkusMC
Deathcraftfactions.mygs.co;Death Craft Factions
imineNL.playsrv.nl;imineNL
simplemc.mcserver.ws:25951;SimpleMCPvP
play.elitesurvival.net;EliteSMP
play.duelisles.com;Duel Isles
158.69.226.219:40003;Vanilla Survival
158.69.226.219:40003;Vanilla Survival
158.69.226.219:40003;Vanilla Survival
158.69.226.219:40003;Vanilla Survival
158.69.226.219:40003;Vanilla Survival
167.114.102.201:25938;Winter Craft
islandwars.xyz;IslandWars
37.187.134.28;Hero Prison
EndCraft.mc-server.net;EndCraft
mc-velocitypvp.serv.nu;Velocity PVP
167.114.119.97:25569;The Derpy Droid
216.172.107.207;The Capital
supadupasimulator.mcph.co;Supa Dupa Simulator Online
104.36.86.132:25569;Mutant Factions
play.thephoenixcraft.com;ThePhoenixCraft
192.99.148.120:25765;SparkCraft
play.casmicraft.net;Casmicraft
192.95.29.102:27230;BeastLandMC
DemonicRPG.mcmmo.ru:28882;DemonicRPG
192.99.148.48:30333;GalaxyMC
fuzerage.net;FuzeRage
fuzerage.net;FuzeRage
134.255.235.113:20250;CreepCraftCC
mineoffame.net;Mine of Fame
play.ludummc.net;LudumNetwork
178.20.170.72:25653;SkyBlockTeam
play.vanitynetwork.net;Vanity Network
167.114.100.229;VisionNetwork
minerrealm.ddns.net;Miner Realm
108.61.213.171:10160;XPLOR
CraftPlex.zapto.org;CraftPlex Minigames
158.69.26.187:25670;good server
gearcraft.nitrado.net;GearCraft
mc.marxuz.no;Reflex Lands
82.208.17.25:27221;Server Craft
62.141.44.22;PvP.AlphaGoodKill.Ro
play.agesmc.net;AgesMC
play.smirkpvp.com;SmirkPVP
Factionpvpcraft.mygs.co;FactionPvPCraft
TheMadnessGaming.mygs.co;TheMadnessGaming
ForgottenMC.serv.nu:41879;ForgottenMC Factions
76.118.59.182;Ferret Craft
37.187.25.7:31013;XtReMeMC Romania
play.Fadecloud.com;Fadecloud
wildpvp.org;qwoocraft
108.170.14.146;Anville
ForceCraft.Nitrado.Net;ForceCraft
149.202.69.111:40565;Bramville Reallife Server
85.114.135.204:26505;Lords and Vampires
creeper.hopto.org;CreeperCraft
vanilla.woblex.cz;sdgsg
5.62.113.131;EnexainPvP
SmashPvP.BeastMc.com:25585;SmashCraft
thecrafted.sytes.net;TheCrafted.IO
Elementbending.minecraft.gs;Elementbending
AssassinCraft.mygs.co;AssassinCraft
151.80.22.80:25587;UC.BlueGaming.Ro 18 plus 
apollomc.mcph.co;ApolloFactions
167.114.126.38;Rawr Craft
PrismaMC.com;PrismaMC
104.131.124.62;HavenCraft
spectremc.fluctis.com:25873;SpectreMC OP Prison
fantacymc.com;FantacyMc
158.85.69.136:47824;SimplePVP
ExtremePixel.servermc.nl;ExtremePixel
lazle.net;Lazle - February Reset
s8.minespan.com:26293;Fear Pixelmon
23.91.4.42:26170;KCraft
play.mcdrugwars.com;McDrugWars
play.bearnationpvp.com;BearNationPVP
Blockify.mcph.co;Blockify
158.69.24.129:25771;Risk Your Life
XpOpCraft.apexmc2.co;OpXpCraft
play.hypercraft.srvip.net:25852;HyperCraft
96.127.135.58:62474;Vega Factions
RBHFactions.mchosting.pro;RBHFactions
voltzmc.fluctis.com;ElectricMC
C4Craft.serv.nu:40108;C4Craft
bantercraft.minecraft-crafting.pro:27540;BanterCraft
158.69.117.129:25640;Storms Factions
e3.fulleffectservers.com:25588;Gold Realms-Towny/Free Build
KingdomCraft.serv.nu:10893;KingdomCraft
mc.lanproject.com.ar:26258;Lan Project Minecraft
184.164.140.202;Mousetime
emeraldlegion.tk;Emerald Legion
Minecraft.SnowRaces.com;SnowRaces
krato.us;Kratous
mcpe.pyper.fi;PyperCraft
foxcraft.spillvert.no:26770;Fox Craft
arcticedge.biz;ArcticEdge
198.27.67.62:27844;AnimaCraft
retronixnetwork.nitrous.it;Retronix Network
NeverRest.crafted.pro;NeverRest
mc.legendcentral.com;LegendCentral factions server
149.202.68.32:26128;PegasusCraft
infected-ghost.playsrv.nl:25944;Infected Ghost (Cracked)
MineCraft.NoPlayEntertainment.Com:26238;All In One Realms
mysticpvp.mc-server.net:25612;MysticPvP
melondotnet.mcpro.co;Melon.net
taigahcf.com;TaigaHCF
158.69.15.4;BinaryCraft 2.0
play.teegeecraft.net;Network
LudenCraft.Com;LudenCraft | WE in Creative | Survival..
shauncraft.mcph.co;ShaunPlex
play.newtessamc.com;NewTessa MC
vanguardsky.omgcraft.eu;VanguardSkyblock
mc.asterismnetwork.com;AsterismNetwork
oxitemc.servervoid.com;Oxide OP Factions Need Staff
play.infinityrealm.eu;InfinityRealm
us.cortexmc.net;CortexMC
play.crusademc.pw;Crusade Network
cloudwars.zapto.org;CloudWars Factions
Banterrealm.com;BanterRealm
198.100.159.190;Yellow Skies MC
mc.killstreak.org;The Killstreak Network Mini-Games Server
119.81.65.250:42377;Sam Craft
play.hyperal.net;Hyperal
skynetwork.pro:29592;SkyNetwork
99.248.16.112;CreativeCraft
192.99.18.164:26475;Another minecraft server
litepvp.mcph.co;LitePvP
167.114.0.223:25571;Exel Craft
167.114.0.223:25571;Exel Craft
arith.mcph.co;arith
142.4.218.208:25728;GemCraft
oprealm.com;OPRealm
pvp.enchantedmc.us;jared
192.99.147.97:28066;VintagePvp
patilda.mcpro.co;Patilda Network
hostile.beastmc.com;Hostile
167.114.117.231:26695;Pirate Adventures
rhinoplays.crafted.pro;RhinoCraft
192.99.44.134:28060;Total Anarchy
evolutionpvp.com;EvolutionPvP 
factionpvp.minecraftnoob.com;EnderCraft
play.life3mc.com;Life3mc
Landss.crafted.pro;Landss
37.187.153.35:25683;KonvexPvP
MinecraftFriends.g-s.nu;MyMind MC
colorlympia.factions.nl;ColorLympia
185.28.188.139:55644;SwaggiGamezNetwork - Prison
ExtinctionPvP.serv.nu;ExtinctionPvP
play.auzziesurvival.com;Auzzie Survival
198.154.111.196;VermelonCraft
5.255.70.71:25840;Twqsted
xWildGames.serv.nu:40512;xWildGames
192.99.44.128:26134;MysteryCraft
TrollCraft.playsrv.nl;TrollCraft
mysteriacraft.apexmc2.co;MysteriaCraft
149.202.70.149:40856;Infested Survival
s11.minespan.com:26498;Dreadnought Skyblock
craftnetwerk.mcjoin.it;craftnetwerk
173.236.95.244;Chronic Craft CDA
198.24.165.154:54333;ChestPlate PvP
s14.minespan.com:26660;ClassicCraft
pvp.convocraft.com;ConvoCraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.baseteq.com;Baseteq
play.baseteq.com;Baseteq
play.baseteq.com;Baseteq
play.baseteq.com;Baseteq
130.180.201.236:25618;ElectroCraft
184.164.140.202;games
192.169.44.5:25568;Dub Galaxy
PvPExcite.McPro.Co;PvPExcite
107.191.252.66:25607;EnderCraft
158.85.69.136:56380;LegendCraft
85.114.128.78:26491;CandyNetwork NL
pixelmon.omnigate.us;PixelParadise
mc.googolplex.io;googolplex.io
UltraSpammingCraft.g-s.nu;UltraSpammingCraft
188.212.100.234;EvilTeam
198.143.150.155;CowVerse 
69.175.54.90:29940;Almora
158.69.54.213:40234;DubCraft
DogeLegion.serv.nu;DogeLegion Kitpvp
GodFactions.myserver.gs;Skycraft
verbarmastax.mcph.co;Verbarmastax
sponge.playminecraft.tk;Spongecraft OG
69.175.89.122:37108;WolfPack Miners
DogeLegion.serv.nu;DogeLegion Kitpvp
projectedge.ddns.net;Project Edge
play.bluecraft.net;BlueCraft
pvp.deagonner.com;DeagonnerPvP
mc.narioko.tk;Narioko
play.minegot.net;MineGot - Network 
Play.PsychoPrison.com:25573;PsychoPrison
167.114.158.79:25812;DGMI Craft
74.63.196.30;World Of Auoria
mc31.gamehosting.it:25711;XBlowmPow3r
pro.ziostcraft.com;Pro.ZiostCraft.Com
OzzyCraft.speelmc.nl;OzzyCraft
37.187.134.28:28920;PvP Universe
5.200.23.161:26095;FreazeCraft
factorycraft.epac.to;FactoryCraft Server
pandaz.net;Pandaria Factions
158.69.19.246;MangoCraft
188.212.101.180;Play.SkyBlock.Ro
survicraft.hostgamebr.com:31472;SurvivalCraft 0/40
TheLoungeMC.com;TheLoungeMC
192.95.29.73:25121;Adventurecraft
5.255.85.216:26003;Wall-Craft
play.infinityrealm.eu;InfinityRealm
mc.firevill.com;Harry333
play.minecraftia.biz;Minecraftia Factions
play.minecraftraid.net;MinecraftRaid
158.85.102.106:26978;The Unforgotten Warrior
198.50.225.101;Wired Factions
79.124.56.57:25567;Army_Craft
practicepvp.xyz;PracticePVP
37.187.190.219;TimelessFactions
167.114.102.201:25938;WinterCraft
134.213.212.154;ShadowPlays
158.69.221.196:25573;WinterCraft Hub
play.RivalryPrison.com;RivalryPrison
158.69.221.196:25573;WinterCraft Hub
167.114.102.201:25938;WinterCraft
87.98.167.6;OpoPvp
play.pixelminemc.net;Pixel Mine
play.quietusmc.com;Quietus Network
198.24.162.98:27167;Butterfly Man
spectremc.fluctis.com:25873;SpectreMC New server Needs staff
spectremc.fluctis.com:25873;SpectreMC New server Needs staff
spectremc.fluctis.com:25873;SpectreMC New server Needs staff
108.170.3.178:41178;MetalCraftGaming
soulwindpvp.mcpro.co;SoulWindPvP
play.cb-f.net;Cubix MC Towny
play.cb-f.net;Cubix MC Towny
play.cb-f.net;Cubix MC Towny
play.cb-f.net;Cubix MC Towny
173.236.52.155;Love My Potato
162.244.165.31:44916;Butterfly Man Hexxit Version
192.99.46.95:25763;-Enders-Elysium-
192.99.18.173:26014;Furious Factions
158.69.24.129:25770;ChaosFac
s15.minespan.com:26493;M-Craft
dogeif.myserver.gs;DogeIF
Play.PlanetsPvP.com;PlanetsPvP
198.24.175.50:60826;Sanctuary Village
play.cynicalpvp.com;CynicalPvP
roguesockets.mcph.co;Rogue Sockets
play-icepvp.mygs.co;IcePvP
play.unlimitedsmp.tk:12916;Test
DeadlyCraft.myserver.gs;DeadlyCraft
79.124.58.13:25566;AppleCraft-BG
play.atomicrebel.net;AtomicRebel.net
stargatemc.com;StargateMC
gameserver.paulspchelp.com.au:25575;Hells First Infantry  creative
gameserver.paulspchelp.com.au:25576;Hells First Infantry  survival
158.69.124.205:25596;PvPHub
37.187.25.36;SimpleCraft
198.24.165.154:54333;Join Today
soodcraft.myserver.gs;Sood craft
XxCraftxx.minecraft.gs;Xxcraftxx
mc.sporkmuffin.net;SporkMuffin
158.69.226.16:25573;Biome Bundle
173.199.72.130:10130;CuZz_Network
play.jqu-craft.tk;Jqu-Craft Network
185.28.188.139:52954;TempCraft
mc.ageofcraft.net;AgeOfCraft NetWork
play.mineburn.eu;MineBurnPvP
107.6.140.162:25585;resonant rise 3
mc.enderplay.es;EnderPlay
GottaBlast.tk;GottaBlast
play.wbc.mcserver.ws;Whiteburg City
65.60.59.138:25585;PhantomMC - Factions
Play.TheGreatKingdoms.nl;TheGreatKingdoms
173.90.6.120:25569;Timecraft 2.0
FunnyNetwork.serv.nu;FunnyNetwork
144.76.176.48:25587;Feudal Realms - Towny Server
play.arsonfactions.com;Arson Factions
skycraftgames.eu;skycraftgames
wickedfactions.org;Wicked Factions
162.244.165.21:42882;legendaryPvp
198.143.131.135:25585;DuckCraft
SlimeBlock.com;SlimeBlock
184.164.140.202:44611;SuhDude Faction PVP
162.244.164.81:48117;FatalRaider
184.164.140.202;SuhDude
s9.minespan.com:26317;TsunamiCraft
levi.unih.nl;levi.unih.nl
198.24.166.242:62882;PixelCat Network / Epicdude89 Network
cloudmc.servegame.com;VanCore Factions
eriauprising.mcph.co;Eria Uprising
167.114.174.73:25855;CreativeChaos ultimate hardcore survival
167.114.0.223:25618;Kreeperprison
server.proyecto40.net;Proyecto40
skyarcade.ddns.net;skyarcade
198.24.171.34:41582;SwagBlox
s13.minespan.com:26692;Golden MC
minegamesunleashed.mcph.co:25868;Minegames Unleashed BETA
pvpognetwork.xyz;PVPOGNetwork
FaZeCraft.minecraft.gs:3306;FaZeCraft
play.civicusmc.com;Civicus
deathlyfactions.mcph.co;Deathly-Factions
kittyserver.net;KittyServer
167.114.0.223:25618;Creeper Prison
phoenixnetwork.nitrous.it;PheonixNetwork
play.advancedchaos.info;AdvancedChaos
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
librecraft.com;serie
librecraft.com;ivigames_03
CrisisPvP.mcph.co;CrisisPvP
mc.localnorth.se;Localnorth
ExoticCraftHQ.mygs.co:8192;ExoticCraftHQ
hepticnetwork.sssmc.pw;Heptic Network
37.187.153.39:31003;Air Raiders
167.114.172.108:25597;ActivityGamers Server
188.212.101.109;Joaca.RangFort.Ro
192.99.201.102:25742;FriendCraft Factions
play.mineteam.es;ArcadeCraft Network
149.202.70.175:41889;Warrior Cats Woodland Survival
wasteland.myserver.gs;Wasteland
109.235.67.220:25593;mc.galaxy.bg
mc.trixcraft.com;TrixCraft
trollwarz.mcpro.co;Troll Warz
192.99.36.201:25278;CustomNetwork
hyperion.primedtnt.com;HyperionCaft
OverLordPrison.mygs.co:40407;OverLordNetwork
s10.minespan.com:26401;Medieval-Craft
mc4.spillvert.no:25841;Rhuntden Minigames
167.114.102.222:25602;ForeverSkyblock
162.244.165.91:58376;TuttleCraft
OverLordPrison.mygs.co;OverLordPrison
76.118.59.182;ferret craft
188.165.230.51:27384;AuroraCraft
Titans.mcraft.pro:27565;ForgottenTitans
167.114.101.117:25929;Strideful SMP
krazykraft.co;KrazyKraft
149.202.74.145:25966;Need Staff 
s14.minespan.com:26656;Wither Worlds
play.chronamc.com;ChronaMC
167.114.156.201:26067;Protocraft
185.38.148.39:25645;Mighty Pixel Gaming
play.advanced-survival.pw;Advanced Survival
fluffy.mcpro.eu;FluffyServer
the4things.apexmc2.co;The 4 Things
167.114.100.168:25603;NovaPvP
mc.shilohcraft.com;ShilohCraft
lifetime.playat.ch;Lifetime
192.99.18.173:26014;Furious Factions
184.154.158.83;Ultimate Op SkyBlocks
Survivalcraft12.no-ip.org;Survivalcraft
play.pixelhype.net;Pixel Hype
167.114.102.199:28053;IgnitedUS
stainedrain.mcserver.ws;StainedRain SurvivalPvP
158.69.117.100:25798;ReactPvP
ktmgaming.net;KTMGaming
76.118.59.182;ferretcraft
192.99.18.173:26014;Furious Factions
192.99.125.70;SkyePlex Network 
192.99.201.220:26433;StrawHatPVP
167.114.173.91:37852;FrigidCraft
Topblockfactions.mcserver.ws;TopBlock Factions
mc.cowverse.com;CowVerse HUB
149.202.87.103:25569;Firelight Skyblock
wintergaming.cubed.pro;Wintergaming
87.98.167.6;OpoPvP
87.98.167.6;OpoPVP
192.99.142.212;OVD1004 - server11888 - Rainbow_Narwhall
play.finesseinnovations.net;play.finesseinnovations.net 
play.inquitypvp.net;InquityPvP
CraftPlex.zapto.org;CraftPlex Minigames
108.178.60.30:25585;RoathPrison
ViciousMc.minerack.club;ViciousMc Network
Cheetahplex.myserver.gs;Cheetahplex
158.69.124.205:25616;Mystic Quest | OP Faction | Crate Keys
192.99.201.220:26436;DynamicMC Factions
FrozenSurvival.beastmc.com;FrozenCraft - Survival 
192.99.21.76:39743;Astaria Creative Server
198.50.133.68;Titan Gaming
198.24.171.90:56956;CuriousCraft
CandyCreations.ddns.net;CandyCreations
s10.minespan.com:26401;Medieval craft
play.blixmc.net;BlixMC Network
CraftPlex.zapto.org;CraftPlex
158.69.25.37:25586;MagixzPvP
69.175.52.198;Squarely Vanilla SMP
aimnetwork.mcph.co;AimNetwork
mc.enderminers.com;EnderMiners Factions
167.114.157.241:26524;Aeksia
DogeLegion.serv.nu;DogeLegion Kitpvp
pvp.mythicraids.us:25686;Mythic Raids
167.114.8.38;YeetFactions
mc.lifecraft.fr;mannycraft
192.95.15.224;Survival Craft
5.255.85.214:25977;HypnosisMC
matrixcity.us;MatrixCity
23.95.15.153;Gallifrey mc
minecraft.latte.ca;Latte
chickentown.fluctis.com;Chicken Town
5.39.55.96:25593;PixelParty
mc-predatorcraft.ml;Predator Craft
s10.minespan.com:26401;Medieval-Crafr
51.255.15.252;ExplosionMC
167.114.159.136:25794;MissFire - RaptexNetWork
play.elite-realms.com;Elite-Realms
Play.TeamExtremeMc.com;TeamExtreme
158.69.120.198:25607;UnknownCraft
DinoLand.serv.nu;DinoLand
s13.minespan.com:26692;Golden MC
lastresortmc.mcpro.co;Hybithion Craft
ton.mcph.co;OddifiedPVP
minecraft1020.omgserv.com:10008;Skipio
RingmusCraft.Nitrado.Net:10600;RingmusCraft.Nitrado.Net
play-arborcraft.net;ArborCraft Network
sandstormpvp.com;SandstormPvP
198.20.98.196:25585;CrazyPvP
skycraft4life.factions.ws;Skycraft - Just Opened
Kittyscraft.mygs.co:41399;Kittyscraft
Jogar.MysticCraft.com.br;mystic craft
167.114.209.21:26008;Semi-Survival
192.99.148.44:45821;DAYZLAND
play.razerfactions.net:25570;RazerFactions
188.165.120.146;PoisonPVP
167.114.118.143:25572;Exemetryx Network
sys82688.leet.cc:23374;FinnCraft Factions
gamerworldmc.ddns.net:25574;GamerWorldMC
play.dovacrafts.xyz;DovaCraft
167.114.156.192:25633;Dynasty Factions
136.243.177.195:25579;Atommous
play.pm-mc.com;SlimeCraft
207.210.239.67;MINELifeMC
one.frontierservers.com;FarLands
198.24.171.90:56956;CuriousCraft
192.99.18.173:26014;FuriousFactions - Need Staff 
walruscraft.cubed.pro;WalrusCraftCubed
s24.hosthorde.com:25952;Medusas World
192.99.232.230:26037;ResistPvP
167.114.159.136:25603;McNations
198.50.254.71;PixMC
198.23.203.82;Influx Network
167.114.156.192:25633;DynastyMC
rapidcraft.strangled.net:26502;RapidCraft
one.frontierservers.com;FarLands Network
192.99.15.175:26353;Anarchy Factions
192.99.161.60;CreepzPvP
s16.hosthorde.com:26160;GlacialPvP
rapidcraft.strangled.net:26502;RapidCraft | Need Moderators | Factions
Shredded.anvil.pw;Shredded Anvil
184.154.16.250;TCG Community Server
s19.minespan.com:26534;The World SMP
mc.immortalinfernogamers.com;Immortal Inferno Gamers
play.mojosrevenge.net;MojosRevenge
buccaneerbaysurvival.com;Buccaneer Bay
198.143.142.181:25585;Sky Survival
Bunnydans.myserver.gs:2265;BunnyCraft
s11.minespan.com:26566;KronosNetwork
pixgo.ru;PixeLpLay 
play.fatalmc.net;FatalMC
play.divinepvp.net:26832;DivinePvp
play.lgsurvival.info;Lgsurvival
149.202.70.149:41049;WiSyaCraft
corruptedgaming.be;CorruptedGaming
37.187.137.142:25631;DivineGate
noobdistrict.mcpro.eu;NoobDistrict
s6.hosthorde.com:26299;SkyCentral
185.57.189.6:25595;ODG Craft
rapidcraft.strangled.net:26502;RapidCraft 
37.187.73.200:25462;LightningCraft
s10.hosthorde.com:26019;Ocelot Craft
158.69.25.173:25984;DamascianPVP
AquaticNetworks.aqn.us;AquaticNetworks
goldgame.mcpro.eu;GoldGame
167.114.173.225:25607;ApexTop
rustic.mcpro.co;Rustic Factions
ultracraft.sbplay.nl;UltraCraft
OmegaPvPUS.ddns.net;OmegaPvP Factions
weaponsnetwork.mcph.eu;WeaponsNetwork
96.127.135.58:62474;Faction server - We need staff
play.mythcraft.ca;Mythcraft Survival
pyricmc.com;PyricMC Teams
play.gc-mining.com;GC-Mining
pyricmc.com;PyricMC
pyricmc.com;PyricMC
Mc.OreCraft.com;mc
149.202.70.146:41419;Boss-Factions
SydroiMC.ga;SydroiMC
play.mcempires.uk;MC-Empires-UK
69.175.24.81;CriticalMC
pyricmc.com;PyricMC
188.165.198.106:27584;ShadedPvP
198.24.164.74:39632;SeahawksCraft
lunarpvp.mcpro.co;lunarpvp
198.50.254.75;EntrancedPvP
lunarpvp.mcpro.co;lunarpvp
shadez.dehartjw.com;Divergent Network
LexaCraft2.org;LexaCraft2 // Hub & Awesome Staffs
mc.acenetwork.us;AceNetwork
195.154.146.126:25745;YTPrisonYT
158.69.124.205:25634;ErgonNetwork
theforceawakens.serv.nu:41722;The Factions Awakens
pirate.mcraft.pro;piratecraft
69.175.24.81;CriticalMC
minestarpvpz.mc-server.net;MineStarPvpz
kitpvpus.mcph.co;Kit PVP US
192.99.149.171:26165;KillerMagic Server
mc.withercraft.it;WitherCraft
Mineface.playop.net;MineFace
mc.missoulapubliclibrary.org;Missoula Public Library
JKCRAFT.mcserver.ws;JKKCraft
pvp.brawlfactions.org;BrawlFactions
pvp.brawlfactions.org;BrawlFactions
pvp.brawlfactions.org;BrawlFactions
senpai.rocks;Senpai PVP Prison
ccc.mcpro.co:34358;Copper Core Community
mcfree.host;MCFree
CrivixNetworks.mygs.co:40909;CrivixNetworks
STVNetwork.mygs.co:40131;STVNetwork
JKCRAFT.mcserver.ws;JK Kraft
158.69.118.220:25692;ZimexPvP
ageofeden.com;Age of Eden
fusionblocks.us.to;Fusion Blocks
185.114.156.207:25703;FryraGames
br.mcmatriz.net;mc matrix
erarevolution.mcph.co;Era
krakencity.mcpro.eu;KrakenCity
plasmafox.cubed.pro;PlasmaFox
51.254.198.189:25615;KingdomPvP
infiniteop.mcph.co;InfiniteOP
play.craftedraidz.net;CraftedRaidz
clutchcraft.noip.me;clutchcraft
hunterskull.serv.nu;Hunter Skull
imperiorfactions.mymc.io;ImperiorFactions 
imperiorfactions.mymc.io;ImperiorFactions 
eu.ogskyblock.co.uk;OGSkyblock
ChocoMilk.mygs.co;ChocolateMilk
158.69.155.18;Elemental Skyblock
mc05.serveromat.net:51289;PottsCraft
khcraft.mcpro.eu;KittyhackerCraft
tamiyukicraft.es;TamiyukiCraft
puffinpvp.net;PuffinPvP
mcgamingnet.mcpro.co;mcgamingnet
PowerRealm.mineservs.com;PowerRealms
Kingdomkits.com;KingdomKits
meloncraftmc.serv.nu;MelonCraftMC
SG.TheArtex.net;TheArtexSG
play.nrgnetwork.org;NRG-Network Factions
mc.mouldycheerio.com;Bobcraft
AuroraCraft.mchost.pro;AuroraCraft
eu.sarefine.com;Sarefine
158.69.225.12:25694;Ping Network
quitran.fluctis.com;QUITRAN
join.any-game.de;Any-Game
Endicon.apexmc2.co;Endicon
78.46.72.247:25566;ZeproPVP
cubekrowd.net;CubeKrowd
69.195.149.100;Yeti Craft
167.114.102.175:25570;KitpvpHelio
185.28.188.163:47112;woolcity
mc.playmine.nl;PlayMine
85.114.139.8:26993;DutchAnimeGamers
158.69.24.137:26450;VirtualPrison
bsm.mcpro.co;BSM
EnchantedMCserver.sbplay.nl;EnchantedMC
188.165.230.51:27384;AuroraCraft
Foxcraft.spillvert.no;Fox craft
104.219.1.97;DerbyPvP
cloudmc.servegame.com;VancoreMc
192.99.101.159:45292;CakeCraft OP Prison
saviormc.cubed.pro;Savior Factions
minebrawl.org;bujaop
opopvp.xyz;OpoPvP 2.0
5.200.23.175:26974;minecraft serves
100.37.216.81;VanquishedCraft
mc.scaven.us;Scavenger | Facciones y Survival
Play.gotpvp.org;buja
188.165.230.51:27384;AuroraCraft
69.175.124.92:25586;NinjaZ
69.175.55.208;Minecrafters Go Mooo
venomclan.serv.nu:41766;VenomClan MCMMO
Mnraids.com;Midnight Raids
198.24.168.226:57320;WePVPForLife
Galaxycraft.myserver.gs;GalaxyCraft
AnonCraft.G.Nfoservers.com;AnonCraft
149.202.246.183;Entertaining Squad
Antnekocraft.mcserver.ws:25806;AntNekoCraft
158.85.102.106:56647;TechnoCraft
s10.hosthorde.com:26020;Epic-Vanilla (Whitelist Only)
167.114.39.173;KingPvP
188.165.230.51:27384;AuroraCraft
65.60.59.130:25587;ReplicaHex
GodCraftMC.g-s.nu;GodCraftMC | Need Staff | One Point 8
wolfpoop.mcph.co;Wolf Poop
play.platinumprison.com;Platinum Prison
185.28.22.55;TcBrasil
DedicatedPvP.ddns.net;Dedicatedpvp
Aetheon.fluctis.com:27069;Legends of Aetheon
turtlelegends.mcpro.co;Turtle Legends
s13.minespan.com:26692;GoldenMC
mc.freeknetwork.com;FreeK Network
play.endertale.com;Endertale Factions
mc.baldricnetwork.com;Baldric Network
clinchpvp.com;ClinchPvP
mc.omegateamuy.com;OmegaTeam
RainbowPvP.Cubed.Pro;RainbowPvP
Gs43.swifthosting.dk:25598;Wizard Factions
squidcraft.apexmc.co:25642;SquidCraftGames - OP Factions
fairytail.mcworlds.pro;Fairy Tail | WizardCraft |
criptonia.omgcraft.fr;Criptonia
unique.fadehost.com;TheFlow
192.99.101.159:45292;CakeCraftOPPrison
mc.kriptik.xyz:26423;Kriptik Craft
plexiarpg.mc-server.net:25645;PlexiaRPG
192.95.45.12;Pickaxe-PvP
podzolcraft.nitrous.it;PodzolCraft 3.0
151.80.12.180; CultPvP OP Factions 24/7 mcmmo
satterfieldtactics.mcph.co:25594;Satterfield Tactics
93.114.82.51;Play.BlueGames.Ro
LuckyCraft.ml;LuckyPVP
strafepvp.xyz;StrafePvP
obbiecraft.mcjoin.it;obbiecraft
s4.hosthorde.com:26311;Arctic Factions
162.244.164.81:44007;apples sever
198.24.163.106:64308;The Lunchbox
37.187.153.39:31009;IngensCraft
a7.lionhost.org:25580;WolframCraft
mc16.gamehosting.it:25813;AlbyCraft
MysticalCraft.g-s.nu;server help
play.minefuse.net;MineFuse
play.vexcloud.net;VexCloud
188.165.79.1;ShadowHubs
5.196.80.42:41509;MCComp
plexicraft.paulkauffman.com;Plexicraft
play.neglectancemc.com;NeglectanceMc
198.20.111.147:25585;DestinyFactions
Mc.SkyBattles.es;CubeCraftGames
s1.rage-mc.com;Rage-m
pixelnation.craft.gg;Pixel Nation
167.114.116.136:25944;Euphoria Towny
162.245.116.101;SpyderCraft
play.mc-skyplanet.net;SkyPlanet
omg.zapto.org;Oh.My.God
Play.PrincePvP.Com;PrincePvP
asolare.g-s.nu;Asolare-Network 
mclogin.enjin.com;Enjin Official Server
Sodapopuniverse.mcserver.ws;SodaPopUniverse
64.31.51.243;Latincraft
s6.minespan.com:26387;Quantum Gaming
bannanatopia.mcph.co;Banana Topia
S6.hosthorde.com:26265;HellaEpicCraft
62.210.102.86:25692;tvoting
Cussionmc.ranni.ca;CussionMC
krainamc.pl;krainamc
5.200.23.164:26176;BandiNetwork
skythunder.omgcraft.fr;SkyThunder
mc.platinumcraft.ca;platinum craft
185.28.189.136:27677;Ventoro Factions
SkyCraftPvP.net;SkyCraft PVP
149.202.69.132:40126;Beast-Factions
107.191.252.74:25573;Misfit-Gamers
81.82.122.40;Frenco
119.224.42.239;Atixel Network
5.200.23.171:56691;DaaromWaarom Factions
panaderocraft.hopto.org;PanaderoCraft | Factions | Raiding |
pumaprison.mcpro.co;Puma OpPrison online
GS63.swifthosting.dk:25597;GetRektKitPvp
skyblock.vgmc.co.uk:26026;Explosive Skyblock
s33.hosthorde.com:26144;Termatron
37.187.154.73;Mc.OverPlay.Ro
walruscraft.cubed.pro;Walruscraft
memecraft.spartanhost.net:27673;Memecraft
rivalspvp.com;RivalsPVP
74.63.198.3:26191;YouTubeatopia
23.94.116.72;United-Nations-Craft Minecraft Roleplay
37.187.137.104:25399;Royal Vanilla
fishbowlmc.noip.me;FishBowlMc
CrazyCraft.apexmc2.co:25749;CrazyCraft
s1.minespan.com:26736;Aqua Kit PvP
BlocksTime.craft.vg;BlocksTime
50.31.103.67:26637;MGC Factions
50.31.103.67:26637;MGC Factions
37.187.148.149:27251;atronoscraft
Play.McChromaPvP.com:25603;ChromaPvP
sv.minefc.com;survival and peace
50.31.103.67:26637;MGC Factions
turtle.mygs.co;TurtleWorld
BdobleNetWork.playminecraft.tk;BdobleKitPvP
37.187.146.16:28783;ZN Pvp
96.54.100.166;AzonRealms
Play.EuphoriaMc.Net:25944;Euphoria
108.170.6.138:62964;MCSkyblock
mc.godsyn.com;mc.godsyn.com
craft.play.uk.to;Craft & Play - Offical ProjectALL server
208.146.44.162;Gamer Girl Creative
play.reductionmc.com;ReductionMC
dandabs.mcpro.co;CloudCraft
198.24.175.42:41577;OblivionMc
91.121.37.167:26565;CraftPlay
Kripticpvp.nitrous.it;KripticSkyblock
Gethyppvp.mcph.co;Gethyppvp
149.202.70.191:40616;FlashCraft
rapidcraft.strangled.net:26502;RapidCraft
hekozmc.funhost.org;HekoZMC-KitPvP
itzpixelmc.factions.ws;ItzPixelMC
skk.fluctis.com:26113;SKK
nubcraft.nitrous.it;NubCraft
167.114.1.210:25790;Read The Info
play.bespokepvp.com;BespokePvp
mc.OlympusNetwork.club;Olympus Network
159.8.75.38:35447;Bananatopia
81.102.131.188; Wiredcraft Survival Vanilla
hoodrat.fluctis.com:26437;Hoodrat
ravecraft.mcpvp.uk;RaveCraft
play.mcempires.uk;BLASTX101
geocraftnetwork.mcpro.eu;Geocraft
RealmsMC.us;RealmsMC
51.255.216.83;NationCraft
lavacoremc.mcpro.co;LavaCore The Most Op Prison Ever
23.235.235.59;BaseTeq Minecraft
149.202.66.74:25659;MonsterCraft
zorrocraft.mcpro.co;ZorroCraft
Prydwen.pw;Prydwen Factions
ZTCCB.mc-server.net:25603;ZTCCB Fan Server
mc.dynamicraft.ca;Dynamicraft
mc.dynamicraft.ca;Dynamicraft
mc.dynamicraft.ca;Dynamicraft
mc.dynamicraft.ca;Dynamicraft
198.24.162.106:59784;Crimson Network
mc.GamersPact.com;GamersPact
play.MCSyndiCraft.com;MCSyndiCraft
162.244.167.41:25936;The Kingdom of Aer
findexpvp.factions.ws:25666;findexpvp
167.114.159.141:25589;NoobPvP
23.229.5.186:25572;EndoKitPvp
mx.cuddl.es;Cuddles Factions
mc-valhalla.net;Valhalla Networks
185.38.148.90:25577;Vexapolis
apolloprison.tk:26356;Apollo Prison
66.85.80.197;Guardian Gaming
167.114.159.141:25589;NoobPvP
pvp-nuclearnetwork.net;Nuclear Network
play.variationmc.tk;VariationMC
69.30.197.122;TheCoreMC
dayzrpg.cubed.pro;DayZRPG
catcraft.info;Cat Craft
splashcity.mcpro.co;SplashCity
Endestria.com;Endestria
voltageprisonmc.mcph.co;Voltage Prison
198.143.128.143;Fire Heros
167.114.156.201:26041;Epic_Craft
DragonBallz.mcraft.pro;DragonBallz
167.114.117.227:25581;WorldOfJelly
198.24.175.42:41577;RevivedFactions
mc.limboserv.com;LimboServ
168.1.74.17:64289;UnderScore
play.teegeecraft.net;DeesNuts
mc.MinecraftOrigins.net;Minecraft Origins Network
Voidfactions.org;VoidFactions
185.114.156.178:25606;Elerion Creative
play.islecon.com;Islecon
FaithPvP.de;FaithPvP.de
mhigaming.cubed.pro:27652;MHI Gaming
hkmc.zapto.org;HKMC Server
178.33.144.202;RealCraft
167.114.1.212:25624;MineTipz
149.202.92.149:41659;element Factions Need Staff
185.114.156.207:25702;duchtkingdom
play.Minekrypt.com;Minekrypt
167.114.209.83:25591;kilroys
mc.elsonsmc.com;ElsonsTowny
PVPDragon.serv.nu:40022;PVPDragon
hekozmc.funhost.org;HekoZMC
play.divergentpvp.biz.tm:25610;DivergentPVP
playoreocraft.mcph.co;OreoCraft
thecore-mc.net;The Core
SunnyHillsEconomic.mcph.co;Sunny Hills Need More Staff
play.pika-network.net;zolikapa5
lilcraftmc.mcpro.co;lilCraftMC
pvp.insaneraids.com;insaneraids
play.sodacraft.fr;SodaCraft
mc.WarOfOlympus.club;War Of Olympus
mc31.gamehosting.it:25647;Arcanecraft
198.143.128.164:26129;firerealms
stormmc.mymc.io;StormMC
play.galaxy-survival.com;Galaxy Survival
23.94.116.72;United-Nations-Craft
mc.pixelatedcloud.net;PixelatedCloud
85.236.100.222:25865;2server
play.pvpisland.org;PvPIsland
192.99.201.99:25972;RpRealms
play.whoppermc.com;WhopperMC - Need Staff
167.114.102.175:25572;Logical Gaming
play.crimson-network.com;Crimson Network
50.31.103.67:26637;GorillaPvP
play.stalematemc.net;StalemateMC
185.28.189.198:25804;BlueRegion
158.69.117.100:25714;MCAcademy
mcscape.net;MCScape
risenetwork.us.to:25566;The Rise Network
play.csgaming.space;CSGaming
Mc.oversizenetwork.com;OverSizeNetwork
risenetwork.uk.to:25566;Rise Network
198.143.128.164:26129;MysticPvP
192.99.0.143:25779;VanillaCrafted
151.80.22.82:25612;CubeWorldServer
play.cortexmc.net;Rankup Facitons
play.cortexmc.net;CortexMC
play.heroeswarzone.com;HeroesWarZone
eg-mc.xyz;Exhibit Gaming
play.electric-recoil.co.uk;Electric Recoil
162.223.9.126;Infusion Network
149.202.70.151:25615;Cuba - Prison
s6.hosthorde.com:26326;Survival Town Minecraft
93.123.18.118;BooterCraft
therealcreepercraft.g-s.nu;CreeperCraft
RageCloud.de;RageCloudDE
fanaticmc.net;FanaticMC
158.69.225.12:25721;NightmareNetwork
play.chasmmc.com;ChasmMC
66.85.165.170:42922;SemiCraft
emeraldnetworkhub.mcph.co;Emerald Network
play.shellsquad.net;ShellSquadMC Factions
167.114.1.210:25790;Read The Info
198.27.80.140:26437;DinoxMC
64.74.111.172:25569;Tropical Empire
powerikiman.mygs.co;Powerikiman
Infamous-Craft.MyServer.Gs;Infamous-Craft | New Server |
198.27.80.71:26495;RJMC
play.exituscraft.net;ExitusCraft
castle-elevel.com;Castle elevel
GameCubez.com;GameCubez
play.thehorizonmc.net;TheHorizonMC
slayfacs.mcph.co;Slay Facs
169.249.170.31:25589;ExtremeLegendCraft
Happyfuntime.mcph.co;Happy Fun Time Factions
skygods.mcpro.co;SkyGods OP factions
mc-sabotage.com;Mc Sabotage
199.96.85.5:25571;illuminati
76.72.172.243:25815;RatServer
s17.minespan.com:26463;Minecraft survival
23.95.34.168;Enchanted Craft
37.200.13.72;SlendyCradt
51.254.31.252;Fremium.net
198.178.120.75:26218;MineMerge
TeamPvP.craft.gg;TeamPvP
37.59.144.200;AurionCraft
nixcraft.mcph.eu;Nixcraft
167.114.102.154:25582;Herocraft
MineLegacy.tk;MineLegacy Factions
82.208.17.20:27380;Vario-Craft CZ.SK
mc.firevill.com;Thommie0890
149.202.92.167:41536;FunSurvival
mc.babbanetwork.com;BabbaNetwork
fusionmc.dynu.com;FusionMC - Ultra Hardcore Survival
s14.minespan.com:26396;ZynCraft
skywars.mcserver.ws:28054;Nynx Skywars
PixelMania.tele-line.be;PixelMania
xastropvp.com;XastroPvP
nova.factions.ws:25570;NovaFactions
mc-mythical.net;MCMythical
178.33.144.205;DarknesMC
mc.beanyserv.com;BeanyServ
188.165.198.106:27685;CrimzonPvp
join.project.li;Project 64
tng.mcpro.eu;The Nuclear Galaxy
PrisonBox.mc-server.net;PrisonBox
37.187.139.127:31240;ProMineccity
51.255.6.142;Galactic pvp
5.255.85.202:26517;WessStreams Survival Server
play.infernopvp.xyz;InfernoPvP
88.150.171.90;Robert Ireland
play.azzamo.net;Azzamo Network
138.201.18.35:25609;pringlespvp
167.114.1.210:25790;PureGold Survival Adults Only
mc.hiperg.net;HiperGames Network
proxxicraft.myserver.gs;Proxxicraft
play.zonamc.com;ZonaMC
Alisonmc.apexmc2.co;Alisonmc
167.114.159.141:25603;Ultra Prison 
69.175.38.197;Metrominers
5.10.110.100:36733;VortexPvP
37.187.134.28:28922;ValleySide Kingdom
mc.pegaso-network.com;Pegaso-Network
87.116.17.204:25755;MinerMester v2
pvping.minecraft.to;Free4All PVP - Kit pvp
167.114.102.222;QuantumCraftia
smp.serverminer.com:25624;DoggishSMP
s4.minespan.com:26489;DungeonEscape-Prison
bg.truculentmc.net;TruculenTMC
158.85.69.135:63648;OgreCraft
play.primemc.org;PrimeMC
Node38.Minecrafted.net:25834;FedoraGames
198.27.106.244;Sycho
mc.harvest-block.com;Harvest Block
23.91.4.74:33561;GrimFactions
miracle.mcpro.co;Miracle Factions
thecortex.mcpro.co;Cortex Factions
192.99.161.57:27171;Ghoul-Craft  Factions PvP
192.99.46.97:28290;OmegaMC
play.DistoriaPvP.com;DistoriaPvP
play.DistoriaPvP.com;DistoriaPvP
s5.minespan.com:26465;GalaxyCraft
198.178.120.75:26218;MineMerge
prismacraft.mcpro.co;Prisma Craft
158.69.117.129:25694;WolferCraft
mc.gigamc.net;GigaMc Network
play.siege.world;Siege World
158.69.226.44:25575;Pugs Pvp
mc.anklesneeze.com;Anklesneeze
uhcpvp.mcph.co:52918;UHCpvp
FadeAway.pw;FadeAway
167.114.0.223:25626;ImmortalsPvP
198.143.128.164:26129;MysticPvp
duhbzi.mcph.co;Duhbzi Skyblock
datrussiangaming.zapto.org;DatRussianGaming
mc.ogrekill.com;Ogrekill Factions
s19.minespan.com:26521;Ultra Faction
play.crossfirepvp.net;CrossfirePvP
SlimeMC.g-s.nu;SlimeMC
107.6.164.99:25585;TheAppleDays
37.187.148.149:27274;Gold Rush
play.theyphania.de;Theyphania
vv32.nl;vv32 - Vanilla - Teleport System
85.114.135.204:26513;belgacraft
138.201.22.99:25566;Agdal Pvp Kitpvp
sunraids.com;Sunraids
NovaBlocks.de;NovaBlocks
192.99.0.143:25779;VanillaCraft
149.202.82.50:25997;Shockbyte
198.24.171.42:33481;WolfCraft
82.211.23.251;QuickLeben - Lebe dein Leben
play.insanitynetwork.top;InsanityNetwork
play.mc-universe.co.uk;MC-Universe
192.99.46.97:28337;Templar Gaming
158.69.225.12:25721;NightmareNetwork
158.85.69.136:63830;AuraMC
162.244.164.91:60846;MassiveLand
narutorpg.mcpro.co;NarutoRPG
GempireMC.com;GempireMC
GempireMC.com;GempireMC
GempireMC.com;GempireMC
GempireMC.com;GempireMC
GempireMC.com;GempireMC
infinityrealm.mcjoin.eu;Infinity Realm
campcraftmc.net;CampCraft
arglyx.no-ip.org;Arglyx Wasteland
162.252.10.219;Metrix Factions
184.154.29.7:25585;Craftymon Pixelmon Server
gigamancer.cloudapp.net;Gigamancer - Creative
74.124.30.171;Reality-Pixelmon
speedymc.com;SpeedyMC
172.245.215.199;SteeltonMC Factions
hiscore.us.to;HiScore Network
mc.enderfrost.com;The EnderFrost Network
167.114.100.222:25754;MTT
192.99.59.128;Mayhem Servers
192.99.21.163:28958;IcemodPvP
play.skylarkmc.net;SkylarkMc Network
Play.kingpvp.org;KingPvP
Play.kingpvp.org;KingPvP
Play.kingpvp.org;KingPvP
Play.kingpvp.org;KingPvP
149.202.92.166:41485;CUniquePvP
167.114.65.210:25874;MineQuest DP at ten people
play.cratercraft.net;CraterCraft
krakentowns.fluctis.com;KrakenCraft Skyblock
s16.hosthorde.com:26239;EthelianCraft
mc0.infinityhosting.hu:27968;PistonCraft
play.sonplex.com;SonPlex
185.16.85.148:25665;UnderWorld-Craft
178.33.4.202:25640;Survival Day 
Wincraft.craft.vg;Wincraft
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
158.69.124.205;The Zone
5.255.85.202:25856;CoreCraft
193.111.140.179:26599;CraftTopia
astriaserver.ddns.net;Astria
CrystalCraft.myserver.gs;CrystalCraft
185.28.188.139:30742;CralCraft
mc.temptstone.com;Need Builders
valenci.crafted.pro;Valenci Factions
rebornpvp.craft.gg;Reborn PvP
178.32.192.0:25573;RebornCraft
theoldworld.sbplay.nl;TheOldWorld
play.kool-networks.com;Kool Networks
icyrealm.net;Icyrealm
EpicCloudMC.com;Epic Cloud MC
capepvp.com;CapePvP
94.23.60.117;HumbleEmpire
158.69.55.223:25680;LlamaPrison | Op Prison Server |
node15.minecrafted.net:25592;Mint Craft
149.202.70.174:41266;Generic Factions
play.mineunited.net;Mine United
89.40.105.131;mc.ranked.ro
creationcovenant.mcph.co;Covenant of Creation Redesigned
cubecraftgames.net;skywars
mc.play-lc.us;LiftedCraft
hypixel.org;hypixel
play.coastermc.com;CoasterMC
play.gapplecraft.net;GappleCraft
play.gapplecraft.net;GappleCraft
play.gapplecraft.net;GappleCraft
play.gapplecraft.net;GappleCraft
play.gapplecraft.net;GappleCraft
fatal.playat.ch;FatalCraft
custompvp.net;CustomPvP
104.218.100.50:25592;TestingThisServer
mc.omnipvp.ga;OmniPvP
United-craft.mcph.co;UnitedMc
198.24.171.42:33481;Wolfcraft
sixxcraft.com;SixxCraft
198.143.140.66;Minetastical Factions BETA
Xerillion.cubed.pro;Xerillion
158.69.54.204:41565;Fury Gaming
falloutfactions.mcph.co;Fallout Factions
shadowraidz.com;ShadowRaidz
RazerCraft.mygs.co;RazerCraft
plasmafox.cubed.pro;PlasmaFox
plasmafox.cubed.pro;iLegitFox
Imagination.mcph.eu;Creative Imagination
play.replaydgames.nl;ReplaydGames
46.105.111.32:28937;GoldenAge
kimochi.moe:6789;Valentine Haven
ChallengeNetwork.srvip.net;ChallengeNetwork
mc2.infinityhosting.hu:25903;TurboCraft 
play.dorperino.eu;Dorperino
play.voidnation.net;VoidNation
mc.Vlaeon.com;Vlaeon - Skyblock
99.249.41.32;HitB Mc
37.187.141.62:28287;PhenomenalPrisons
echocrafter.ddns.net:26457;EchoCraftHR
ms15.hicoria.com:29285;QuartCraft
MineRankup.craft.vg;MinePvP
swiftforcegaming.nitrous.it;Swift Force Gaming
Glinsteren.srvip.net;Glinsteren
ghostfactions.mc-server.net;GhostFactions
167.114.118.215:25767;Jean_Luke
play.aciummc.com;AciumMC
167.114.172.108:25588;CashSOTF
railcraft.playsrv.nl;Railcraft
thebadboys.khplay.nl;TheBadBoys
wolfmc.cubed.pro:25095;Wolf Factions
192.99.201.98:25616;Crazy_Evo
151.80.22.80:25831;PrismoPrison
192.99.44.171:26023;Lettuce Craft
138.201.18.35;Dannebrog Kingdom
MusicCrafted.Com;MusicCrafted
162.213.31.236:25771;MineStarPlanet
173.208.213.82;Aurelius Gaming Dreadnought
vl1.voxelloop.co.uk;VoxelLoop Network
149.202.64.88:25611;KoalaFactions
158.69.28.165;NightFlare Gaming
MC.SuperRonanCraft.com;SuperRonanCraft
198.27.69.147:26807;TheIceArmy
91.121.110.108:22222;Switch Infinity Evolved v2.3.5
mc.argarian.net;Argarian Network
mininglife.mcph.co;MiningLife
theblueslime.mcph.co;Theblueslime
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
play.mcsurvival.ca;MCSurvival
209.133.198.218:26533;StartGame
162.252.10.219;MetrixFac
TostiCraft.sbplay.nl;TostiCraft
buster-craft.mcpro.eu;Bustercraft
amaydia.net;Amaydia Network
pixel-quest.com;PixelQuest
149.202.92.161:41900;ReflliX-Network
pc.us.mcserver.me;test test
dkkitpvp.serverminer.com:25628;DkKitPvP
81.231.106.33;DennisServer
MineRaids.mcph.co;MineRaids
apolloprison.tk:26356;Apollo Prison
lonedragon.apexmc2.co;lonedragon
craftingstarsmc.chickenkiller.com:33840;Craftingstarsmc
cometmc.mc-server.net;CometMC
37.187.136.112:25572;TeraaNetwork
37.187.133.216:27747;TG-Survival
159.8.141.199:44938;SableMC
enderworld.mchost.pro;EnderWorldsMC
enderworld.mchost.pro:25892;EnderWorldsMC
50.151.124.245;ForSakenPvP
play.the-light-in-us.com;The-Light-In-Us
goldtime.serv.nu;GoldTime
37.187.137.142:25606;Minecraftia - Vanilla Edition
192.99.105.243;IgnitedMC
minecrafttopia.dmch.nl:25636;MineCraftTopia
s14.hosthorde.com:25802;DarasisCraft
s3.minespan.com:25665;Sporegalaxy
ebonycraft.serverminer.com;Ebonycraft
hopesprings.mcraft.pro;Hope Springs Equestrian
158.69.38.228;helixcraft
ProdigyCraft.serv.nu;ProdigyCraft
play.luminexmc.net;Luminex
mcfantasy.us;McFantasy
matrix.digitallynetwork.net;MatrixCloudPvP 2.0
supernova.fadehost.com;SuperNova
162.244.165.101:55130;Plague Legion
LegionMC.mc-server.net:25578;LegionMC
149.202.79.106:25579;Team Server Mid
TheCoreMC.fmc.pw;TheCoreMC Network
167.114.158.79:25841;Multi-Core
LutaCraft.com;LutaCraft
ezra.beastmc.com;Ezra
hamcraft.net:25555;HamCraft
play.rentercraft.com;RenterCraft
pyrothia.beastmc.com;Pyrothia   City PvP Factions Apocalypse
sytesland.ml;SytesLand Games
TeamChest.srvmc.pl;TeamChest
SkyCraft.dbmgaming.com;SkyCraft
blocknetwork.playsrv.nl;Blocknetwork
mc.minova.co;Minova Network
survitube.serv.nu;Survitube
51.255.20.147;LavaCraft
MoustacheCraft.Net;MoustacheCraft
s10.minespan.com:25998;CyrexFactions
mijncreatie.crafted.pro;mijncreatie
37.187.133.216:27661;Mystic Craft
mc.creepercraftmmo.net;CreeperCraftMMO
nexogamers.servegame.com:25567;NexoGamers
149.202.64.88:25593;Loopy Gaming
witherunion.cubed.pro:21;WitherUnion
BikiniBlock.mcraft.pro;BikiniBlock
SunPath.beastmc.com;SunPathMC
37.187.133.216:27723;DemonsCraft Network
DemGamerz.ddns.net;DemGamerz
Play.MajestiaMC.com;MajestiaMC
51.255.6.145;Million-Craft
play.crossfirepvp.com;CrossFirePVP
Duck.vgmc.us;Duck-Mc
play.mcsurvivalfin.tk;McSurvivalFin
mc.seigenetwork.com;Seige Network
159.8.75.36:52938;TehLostGamers
TheHubGames.serv.nu;thehubgames
planetburt.com:25566;MineTopia (Real Life)
s12.hosthorde.com:25953;KakotaCraft
mc.twdcraft.net;The Walking Dead
wulf.oussiden.com;WulfPvP
167.114.118.218:25608;Galaxy Creations
192.99.19.190:28953;Pokeventure
192.99.0.143:25779;VanillaCrafteds
167.114.102.146:25697;OmegaFactions
mc.drewpercraft.com;DrewperCraft
69.30.210.154:25575;Survival 
hexjungle.mcph.eu;HexJungle
188.227.183.12;Titanium Mc
mc.punchpool.online;Punch Pool
arcaydia.us.to;Arcaydia
kiwiprison.mymc.io:30101;Kiwi Prison
Hostilitypvp.net;Hostility KitPvP 
149.202.92.163:40762;ImprisonedMC Need Staff
pyxelnet.myserver.gs;Pyxel Net
CIPvP.com;CI PvP
158.69.127.178:40423;SurvivalCraft - Factions
ausoup.com:26672;Ausoup
MC.TemptStone.Com;Tempt Stone
nitroblock.nitrous.it;NitroBlock
play.plussycraft.net;BryZo
frozenpvp.mine.nu;FrozenPvP
PainlessPvP.myserver.gs;Painless PvP
75.135.234.38:2222;Minecraft diaper lover server
138.201.22.99:25589;TheGoldenPickaxe
37.59.144.206;AbyssalMC
smilet.mygs.co;SmiletPvP
5.9.82.150:25591;Cold Blood Pvp
109.169.56.15;The Endstone Chronicles
31.214.166.247;Mondaria
play.mcempires.uk;MC-Empires-UK
play.mcempires.uk;MC-Empires-UK
play.minespark.org;MineSpark Factions
AnarchyFactions.zapto.org;Anarchy Factions
Ravez.de;Ravez.de Server Netzwerk
s16.hosthorde.com:26278;EnderTimePvP
play.mc-cu.be;CubeNetwork
play.187craft.com;187Craft
188.227.183.12;Titanium Mc
149.202.92.166:40727;Twisted PVP
158.69.118.225:25685;OriginalityPVP
play.shadowpvp.top;ShadowPVP
167.114.102.146:25697;OmegaFactions
167.114.65.210:25874;Mine Quest
198.24.166.242:62882;PixelCat Network
sensationpvp.fluctis.com;SensationPVP
71.58.215.130;Kitachi Craft
CityVilleVDK.g-s.nu;CityVilleVDK
play.paradoxmcs.us;The Paradox Network
37.187.134.194:29351;Kenx
play.l-bulb.net;LightBulb Network
sodapopuniverse.mcserver.ws;SodaPopUniverse -OpenBeta
grovenetwork.com:25882;Grovenetwork
play.mc-realm.com;Mc realms
grovenetwork.com:25882;Grovenetwork
192.95.38.156;MythicalPVP
70.177.23.167;Gravity Network
169.249.170.11:25574;RUBIKingCraft
wallie.bot.nu;wallies
funindo.cubed.pro;FunIndo
ExoluxMC.mchosting.pro;ExoluxMC
192.99.147.79:25634;Magical Factions
squared.mcph.co;Squared
demonz.fluctis.com;DemonzCraft
cryo.mc-server.net;Cryo Bending & MiniGames
mc.ghostwar.net;GhostWar
hub.keinett.us;keinett
164.132.237.44;VallorianCraft
mc.arenacraft.it;arenacraft
DreamlessAzure.mcph.co:37342;DreamlessAzure
192.95.40.46;Liar Craft
jpuniverse.mcraft.pro;JpUniverse
galaxyvortex.com;GalaxyVortexNetwork
play.rumbleplanet.net:65448;RumblePlanet
apolloprison.tk:26356;Apollo Prison
novanetworks.tk:25590;NovaFactions
play.relentlessrealm.net;Relentless Realm
167.114.102.146:25697;OmegaFactions
198.178.120.75:26218;MineMerge
sky.dmzcraft.com;DMZ Skyblock
Mythicpvp.org;Mythicpvp
eukits.pw;EUKits
play.galaxisprison.space;Galaxis Prison
remixpvp.com;Remix PvP
play.chaosmc.org;ChaosMC
Play.PlatinumMC.org;PlatinumMC
lostrealmssb.com;LostRealms
158.85.69.135:53540;RaidCentral
playpetra.com;Petra Factions
hamcraft.net:25555;HamCraft
pixelmon.minersleague.com;PixelMiners
movedirt.mcph.co;Move. Dirt.
play.revolvepvp.org;RevolvePvP
Zingyhell.cubed.pro;Zingyhell
80.229.145.244;Gingedevil FTB Infinty 2.3.5
192.99.19.186:25722;We Could Be Friendship
asamicraft.mcserver.ws;AsamiCraft
jtslygaming.mcph.co;jtslygaming
Blazeshaft.com;Blazeshaft
orionfactions.mcpro.co;Orion Factions
pokeraio.playbr.net;Poke Raio
mc.complex-gaming.com;Complex-Gaming
162.252.10.187;DBAdventures
158.69.117.129:25668;Iodine
mc.squishyrandomz.co;SquishyRandomz
ku.factions.ws;KUFactions
mc.lolpvp.co;LOLPVP
s15.hosthorde.com:26239;ReservePvP
play.mcarmy.com;MC-Army-Factions
158.69.127.176:41323;SlayerCraft
mc.SurvivalCraft.eu;Survival Craft
minecrafters.se;minecraftersse
198.24.171.90;SolarPvP
CursedPvP.nitrous.it;CursedPvP
Marines.mcph.co:58887;MarinesCraft
sebaweb.no;sebawb
sebaweb.no;sebaweb
46.101.67.3;Vanilla Survival Server of Steffion
sebaweb.no;sebaweb
136.243.177.195:25604;Fire-Pvp
185.38.148.90:25579;MineFun
s14.minespan.com:26705;Staff Factions
ThePIxelverse.net;The Pixelverse Network
play.mcempires.uk;MC-Empires-UK
96.8.116.119:25662;ExiledPrison
uk.0x12.com;Golden PVP
play.superiorskyblock.com;superiorskyblock
vinepvpcraft.mcph.co;VinePvP
149.202.70.174:40953;GravityCraft
jogar.mineolimpia.com.br;Olimpia
meloncraft.us;MelonCraft
KingdomFactions.tk;Kingdom Factions | Factions 
185.38.148.154;ParadiseNetwork- Grand Theft Auto
serverraybrine.zapto.org;Hu3KITS
cyberfacs.mcpro.co;CyberFactions
192.99.20.81:25666;PneumaticCraft
5.255.70.76:25904;Kingdom
motivedc.com;DaftCraft Factions
oparmy.cubed.pro;OpArmy
mc.logiskt.org;Logiskt.org - Survival server
151.80.78.214:27899;Purolaakso
76.72.175.59:25789;Opulent Towny
188.227.183.12;Titanium Mc
Legends.mygs.co;Legends
LapisCraft.crafted.pro;LapisCraft Survival
TaintedMC.com:27424;TaintedMC
Topia.mine-crafter.de;SkyPVP
fullmine.servegame.com;FullMine
pvp.miragon.net;Miragon
MCDragonWars.com;Dragon Wars
s13.minespan.com:26618;TheFunServer
purpleworld.mcph.co;PurpleWorld
catalystcraft.zapto.org;Catalystcraft
catalystcraft.zapto.org;Catalystcraft
185.114.156.163:56674;MagmaEarth
Starcraft.on.vg;StarCraft
sv.mcworldnew.com;WorldNew
mc.feargames.it;FearGames
108.47.117.31;Crystal Nova
167.114.103.189:25835;Organic Craft
46.105.111.32:28856;Pixxies Factions
play.methusmc.net;Methus Network
167.114.158.78:26119;Egyptian Factions
158.69.169.179;UsM Team
YayMC.com;Skywars
Icecraftnetwork.es;Icecraft Network
applesserver.mcph.co;ApplesServer
23.252.116.10:27554;Ninjka
play.minetacular.com;Minetacular
85.17.169.148:25566;TrinityPvp
LegendarsCraft.serv.nu;LegendarsCraft
minecraft.spudw.com;Spudws Minecraft Server
Play.furiouscraft.info;Furiouscraft
167.114.78.129;Direwolf20 1/7/10
play.dreamlessfactions.net;DreamlessFactions
play.ultramine.se;Ultramine Network
pixeladventures.mcph.co;PixelmonAdventures
orbitalcraft.noip.me;orbitalcraft
gcn.mcpro.co;GamerCraft Network
142.54.162.234:25581;Malficent Network
play.kickncraft.net;KicknCraft
mythiccraft.myserver.gs;Mythical-Craft
play.fliipgaming.ca;FliipGaming
pvpuniverse.us.to;PvPUniverse
104.182.205.198;HellishMC
hamcraft.net:25555;HamCraft
198.154.111.198;TrinityCraft
SphinxSCraft.serv.nu:41129;SphinxSCraft
192.210.141.147;Lethal PVP
fedoracraft.tech;Fedora_Craft
thewolftamer.mcpro.co;Minecraft to How
bedrockcraft.serv.nu;BedrockCraft
mc50.vgmc.us:26043;MineTrap
198.143.142.157:25585;Mudkip Mania
192.99.7.178;Argonix MC
s2.hosthorde.com:26051;ZypherusCraft
wildbunch.g-s.nu;wildbunch.g-s.nu
WarCraft.myserver.gs;WarCraft
104.197.47.94;The Knot
volatilecraft.cr.rs:26038;NiggerCraft
ghostsoul.mcph.co;GhostSoulMC
play.kushkraft.com;KushKraft
play.starnightnetwork.com;Starnight Network
37.59.51.136:27093;DizzyPvP Ultra Hardcore 4 players
play.craftersredemption.net;CraftersRedemption / Factions //
Skyblock.Zone;SkyblockZone
a1.lionhost.org:30012;CaneCraft
167.114.100.112:25605;NationCraft
37.187.144.57:25604;Oasis MC
mc.giantnetwork.nl:25906;giantnetwork
PalaceMC.Net;PalaceMC
5.10.110.101:26427;CottonKityCat - Server
149.202.92.161:40107;BoFaGames
play.cakegames.tk;cake games factions
WolfyCraft.serv.nu;WolfyCraft
SpongCraft.mcph.eu;SpongCraft
alloutfactions.mcserver.ws;alloutserver
myth-network.us;Myth-Network
mc15.fadehost.com:26470;KryptonicPixels
mc.Steamblock.net;Steamblock
crafti.mcph.co;CraftI DROP Party / Need staff
play.fluxusmc.com;FluxusMC Network
Technobow.ddns.net:25566;TechnoBow
162.244.167.101:61417;SlapFactions
23.91.4.10:55749;RemoCraft | need staff
162.244.167.81:57474;BaylentMC
server1.miccraft.com;24/7 Miccraft sVanilla Survival Server
mc-standards.ddns.net;MC Standards
sixxcraft.com;SixxCraft
37.187.29.204:28222;Celestia
zombiecastle.mcph.co;Zombie Castle
play.astrorealms.us;AstroRealms
KingdomsCraft.mcpro.co;KingdomsCraft
WiCk3dCraft.mygs.co;WiCk3d Craft
162.220.63.5:26277;EternalCracked
167.114.102.199:25632;FrostyPvp
167.114.106.45;Ark Drugs
play.sexynations.net;Sexy Nation
GeniusPvP.myserver.gs;GeniusPvP
mc02.serveromat.net:34048;SlimeCraft
play.stone-craft.net;Stone-Craft
74.86.113.213:25599;RebornFactions
herocraftfactions.fluctis.com:27033;HeroCraft
buildpvp.nitrado.net;BuildPvP
23.235.232.99:36936;StarNation
Play.Ultracloudmc.com;UltraCloud
OverWorld.myserver.gs;OverWorld
SoldierBulgaria.g-s.nu;SoldierBulgaria
198.20.111.149:25589;display422
149.202.92.149:40637;PrestigeCraftBG
149.202.92.149:40811;BattleAgusan
play.monstergmc.com;MonsterGames
freedom.serv.nu;freedom
158.69.127.176:41023;Cidademortal 
play.moonpvp.net;MoonPvP
31.214.246.248;VioPvP
mc.here.lv;Minecraft Here.lv
159.8.141.201:59994;KFactions
VirtyCraft.myserver.gs;VirtyCraft
s10.minespan.com:26401;Medieval Craft
176.31.89.41;Gay Craft
play.randompvp.net;RandomPvp
join.thesevensaints.net;The Seven Saints
148.251.67.67:25578;FlashCraft
DutchCraft.serv.nu;DutchCraft
149.202.28.226;Spero
2plycraft.us.to;Joey Macaroni
play.elysium.ml;Elysium Survival - Greylisted
minstar.mine.gg;MinStar
playpetra.com;PlayPetra
play.suitscraft.com;SuitsCraft
deathznest.mcph.eu;Deathznest
198.24.171.42:33481;WolfCraft
167.114.118.196:25713;Revolution Craft
69.30.216.250:25587;GotToxicNetwork
164.132.137.161;PixieCraft
19Survival.crafted.pro;19Survival
192.99.134.83;PixelPokes
173.169.122.133;Unified Nations
www.nordicreservation.com;Nordic Reservation
158.69.24.129:25762;CriticalFactions
play.feralfactions.com;Feral Factions
167.114.118.214:25953;Roadhouse_uRockinserver
s10.minespan.com:26401;Mediveal Craft
AeroFoxNetwork.mc-srv.co;AeroFox Network
mythiccraft.myserver.gs;MythicCraft Server
s3.minespan.com:26380;CookieCraft Survival
167.114.101.117:25941;AATCRAFT
Downsurge.net;Downsurge Network
167.114.156.62:28083;Elytra Crew
play.minebros.de;Minebros
LegendarsCraft.serv.nu;LegendarsCraft
LegendarsCraft.serv.nu;LegendarsCraft
mc.arkhamnetwork.net;Arkham Network
art-reason.fluctis.com;Art-Reason 
jogar.craftway.com.br;Craft Way Full-PvP 
PvpFinest.mcpro.co;PvpFinest
gs2.interactive.cl;The Bionic Island
swagwagpvp.mcpro.eu;SwagWagPvP
149.202.70.174:40323;MutatedMC
Rusiel.Online;Rusiel Online
mc.SimplePvP.net;Simple PvP
play.theforestland.eu;ForestLand 
kgbserver.es;KGB Corporation
pharaohsnetwork.mcph.co:32460;pharaohsnetwork
159.8.141.201:59994;KFactions
93.186.200.170:25568;Play.AlphaGoodKill.Ro-Survival
JinxPvP.mcph.eu;JinxPvP
amathemia.com;AmathemiaQc
gabry505.serv.nu:41401;SoloDaGiocare
167.114.100.112:25569;StarWorks
pvp.wincraft.com.br;WinCraft
159.8.141.201:59994;KFactions
super.wincraft.com.br:25569;WinCraft
mix.wincraft.com.br:25568;WinCraft
troia.wincraft.com.br:25567;WinCraft
46.105.111.32:28913;Voxelcraft
46.105.111.32:28913;Voxelcraft
185.28.188.151:61090;DreavynRealms
uraniumore.mcph.co;UraniumOre
151.80.24.221:25693;IOCity
mix.wincraft.com.br;WinCraft Mix
tenincraft.mcserver.ws;TeninCraft
craftbest.pl;sdasd
deltanation.mcpro.co;DeltaNation
famoussmp.xyz;FamousSMP
nitrosurvival.mcph.co;Nitro Survival
play.darkrealm.org:25585;DarkRealm
na.badlion.net;craftsurvival
mc.rivivalcraft.eu;RivivalCraft
MrCreepercraft.serv.nu;MrCreeperCraft
Sci.us.to;Scicraft
play.aminecraft.com;AMineCraft
cosmoleague.fmc.pw;Cosmo League
s12.minespan.com:26735;NSFWCraft
192.99.150.104:26106;BarkSuperHeroes
184.154.143.148;Diamond Inc
167.114.100.112:25568;DizzyCraft
flarestoast.com;Flarestoast
162.223.9.58:25570;ThePack Network
untamedpvp.a2g.gs;Untamed PvP
vanilla.servegame.com;Vanilla Extract
50.147.117.134;NuclearRaid
198.154.120.57;PlatzyCraft
76.72.175.54:25688;Unreal KitPvP
Play.RelentlessNetwork.com;Relentless Network
46.105.111.32:28919;SimpsFactions
192.99.47.146:40544;EliteHub
YuyaMPrison.serv.nu;YuyaMPrison
UnknownCraft-Prison.mygs.co;UnknownCraft Prison
s1.hosthorde.com:26393;Xanthos Bending
TheGoldGames.myserver.gs;TheGoldGames
159.8.141.201:59994;KFactions
s15.minespan.com:26476;SilverCraft
ZeniCraft.mcph.eu;ZeniCraft
Gooncraft.khplay.nl;GoonCraft
squidcraft.beastmc.com;Squidcraft
doggycraft.dk:1337;DoggyCraft RAW
192.99.5.198:27524;PixelPrison
ogmc.beastmc.com;OGMC
playrensgames.serv.nu:41179;Minigames server
AngelOfDarkness.mygs.co;AngelOfDarkness
sagar.ga;SagarCraft
koalapvpers.fadehost.com;koalapvpers
5.255.85.213:25889;ImperiorCraft
play.mcstarwars.com;MCStarwars
radeoncraft.factions.ws;RadeonCraft PVP
AsylumPrison.cubed.pro;AsylumPrison
167.114.158.78:26088;KnightFight
play.sexynations.net;Sexy Nation Need Staff and Builders
prisonmayhem.mcph.co;PrisonMayhem
ZeplinPvP.ddns.net:25564;ZeplinPvP
AwarePrisons.xyz;Aware Prisons
play.poisonpvp.us;PoisonPvP
158.69.24.131;braedoncraft
grmcloud.com;CakeFamePP
townsendtv.com;TownsendTV
192.99.200.141:41062;GlacialPvP
aer.mcpro.co;Aer
horizonnetwork.mcph.co;HorizonNetwork
theegg.superultimategames.com;The Egg
play.khrobu.com;Khrobu
mc.cufcraft.com;CUFCraft
158.69.169.180;OptimusMC
mc.vividaserver.com:26219;Vivida Server | Semi-Vanilla Sweetness
McPlex.serv.nu;McPlex
philfactions.g-s.nu:41080;Philfactions
Kingdompurse.mchost.pro;KingdomPursuit
s9.minespan.com:26503;Black-Krypt
162.244.165.141:63054;KingMC
smartcraft.mcserver.ws;Smart Craft
buttercraft.no-ip.org;ButterCraft
mc.hyppecraft.com;Hyppe-Craft
stygiandomain.mygs.co:11473;Stygian Domain
RelixCraft.mcpro.co;RelixCraft
198.24.175.42:45212;IncisionMC
167.114.209.80:25615;Assassin Craft
meemcraft.mcho.us;Meemcraft
167.114.100.112:25571;Hells Corp pvp
198.20.111.149:25589;DizzyPvP
jokerfactions.mcph.co;Joker Factions
178.20.170.111:25652;Empire of Stones
play.wulfmc.net;Wulf Network
360Craft.mcpro.eu;360Craft
51.255.217.1;Exiled Official Server
84.200.24.62;TurkischesGG
37.187.175.190:32099;Tekkrealm
192.99.233.209:25603;Reflex Army
play.icepvp.eu;lavafact
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
192.99.173.183;The SmashKraft Network
167.114.159.136:25636;Medieval Melee
rushy.fr;Rushy
WhiskeyCraft.Mcph.Co;WhiskeyCraft
178.63.85.140:30150;SurvivalCraft
mc.gttsd.com;ArcadeSnowdogs
185.38.148.78:25579;Quanta
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
37.59.209.215;CraftCraft
cakecraft.mc-server.net;Cake Craft
62.210.102.231:25775;PouLandia
188.165.226.119:25680;CraftDK
pvp.raidnation.net;Raid Nation 
167.114.100.112:25568;DizzyCraft
imperialpvp.xyz;ImperialPVP
LaneCraft.serv.nu;LaneCraft.serv.nu
s16.hosthorde.com:26283;OminousMC
play.riverside-mc.com;RiversideMC
revolutionx.factions.ws:32125;Revolution X Factions
convicted.mchosting.pro;Convicted factions
server.alliedrealms.com;Alliedreaalms
nubcraft.nitrous.it;NubCraft/fake
MC.TaleOfBanners.com;Tale of Banners
45.35.63.87;deadcraft
162.244.165.81:35544;JailBreak Prison server
mc.snoxcraft.com;SnoxCraft
play.tempestrealms.com;TempestRealms
pixelkingdom.us;PixelKingdom
DailyNetwork.serv.nu;DailyNetwork
FuzzyPrison.us.to;FuzzyPrison
mc.rgtribes.net;Redguard Tribes
myst.crafted.pro;Myst
play.mcgroove.net;Mcgroove
play.FadeMC.net;FadeMC
167.114.165.141;TechTastic
69.175.38.197;MetroMiners
motalcraft.mygs.co;MotalCraft
mcbrino.mcpro.co;MCBrino
kronus-hexxit.mcpro.co;Kronus Hexxit
69.175.89.122:48657;FanzCraft
190.2.60.41:25566;HardLand
tokyocraft.mcph.co;TokyoCraft
192.99.36.120:25797;TechPVP
chaoscraft.hosthavoc.com:25566;Chaoscraft
144.76.220.202:25826;KvikkLunsjCraft
23.235.232.99:53747;MellowCraft
Metroxia.com;Metroxia
Metroxia.com;Metroxia
Metroxia.com;Metroxia
RobotPvp.g-s.nu;RobotPvp
192.99.200.98:25621;UltraNetworkBG
CloudyCraft.Net;CloudyCraft
foxiverse.zapto.org;The foxiverse
VortifiedMC.mygs.co;VortifiedMC
eggnetwork.mcjoin.eu;AGameGroup Survival Server
37.187.136.112:25576;TDGaming
historycraft.myserver.gs;HistoryCraft
clancraft.playsrv.nl;ClanCraft
pixelpvp.factions.nl;PixelPvP
mine-experience.com;Mine Experience
play.nether-verse.com;Netherverse
zanehpvp.mcjoin.eu;ZanehPvP
chestcraftmc.mcph.co;ChestCraftMC
PixelDimensions.mcserver.ws;Pixel Dimensions
SimplyCrafty.serv.nu;SimplyCrafty
theairnetworkmc.mcph.co;The Air Network
192.99.38.43:28417;gonerouge
potentialpvp.us:25571;Potential PvP
potentialpvp.us:25571;Potential PvP
potentialpvp.us:25571;Potential PvP
potentialpvp.us:25571;Potential PvP
s10.minespan.com:26575;Sheep-O-Tastic
DiamondLand.serv.nu;DiamondLand
198.50.252.99;Doggishsurvival
kinatcraft.serv.nu;KinatCraft
192.99.44.160:41508;Bcraft
omegacraft.cl;omegacraft
s4.minespan.com:26625;LuckyPis Vanilla Survival Server 
stormpvp.mcph.eu;StormPvP
192.169.44.9:25698;The CraftZone
185.28.191.77:25856;SmallCraft
play.rubanian.net;Rubanian
8.26.94.7:25568;WolvCraft
digital-legacy.sytes.net;Blockrim Realms
158.69.118.197:26226;Dinosmc ALPHA
play.greatfox.co;GreatFox
Qualitypvp.com;QualityPvP
ghostfactions.mc-server.net;GraffitiPVP
iBePvP.us.to:25825;iBePvP
s4.minespan.com:26383;Tropical Network
mc.opmines.net;opmines 4.0
MobClans.g-s.nu:20181;MobClans Op Survival
nitzycraft.mcph.eu;NitzyCraft
bedwarslive.minecraft.to:21;Bedwarslive
simplycrafty.serv.nu;SimplyCrafty
mc.atoxmine.de;Atoxmine.de
s13.hosthorde.com:25894;RetroHFC
69.175.36.196:25588;ZSurvival
OPRealms.com;OPRealms
craftmania.playsrv.nl:25934;CraftMania
play.mineland-network.eu;Mineland Network
198.154.120.209;Argon Skyblock
mc.clashofpvp.com;Clash of PvP
memecraft.mc-server.net;MemeCraft // Custom Crates
73.55.142.214;The Block
play.massiveprisons.com:26156;MassivePrisons
fierce-factions.mcserver.me;FierceFactions
koalapvpers.fadehost.com;KoalaRealm  
Divine.Crafted.Pro;DivineKingdoms
crypticnet.mcph.co;Cryptech
RoboMC.beastmc.com;RoboticNetwork
192.99.21.64:26088;ReplaysMC - Creative
162.244.164.51:65500;CrimsonRealms
mc.craftmundo.com.br;CraftMundo
188.165.158.177;AquaPvP
mc.craftstations.net;CraftStations
rubycraft.mchost.pro;RubyCraft
Play.RogueMC.Net;RogueMC
Funnetzwerk.eu;Funnetzwerk
31.48.235.240:25564;MGCFactions
pvp.visualpvp.pw;VisualPvP
69.175.38.138:25585;DankCraft
play.fizzplex.net;FizzPlex
192.99.44.128:26081;DesimatedPVP
gameserver.paulspchelp.com.au:25577;Hells First Infantry  Tierra Technicpack
pvp.expmc.xyz:39960;ExplodingMC
167.114.102.222:25627;HistoryPvP
mcphun.ddns.net;MCPhun
108.163.196.115;PlaysMCNation
167.114.208.127:35771;Insane Asylum
s4.hosthorde.com:26338;golemwolfs minecraft server
play.moosepvp.com;Moose PvP
176.31.110.206:27958;My Island
volatilecraft.cr.rs:26038;Volatilecraft
PikaPrison.beastmc.com;PikaPrison
mcwotc.net;Wrath Of The Chickens
mc.crusadepvp.pw;CrusadePvP 
wolfcraft.g-s.nu;Wolf Craft
198.27.68.196:25658;MinePro
anarchycraft.game.nfoservers.com;Anarchy Craft
149.202.89.48;Encrypted laser
RadonPvP.mcplay.nl:25789;RadonPvP
mc.blockdrop.net;blockdrop
play.flexiecraft.net:28670;Flexiecraft
play.mizucraft.net:26723;Mizucraft
23.235.232.56:58788;CORNCraft
SpongCraft.mcph.eu;SpongCraft
198.20.111.149:25589;DizzyPVP
play.royaltymc.net;RoyaltyMC
192.99.150.104:26098;TheGreenMile Prison
79.115.40.19;Mzx.NastiCraft.Ro
mc50.vgmc.us:25711;Journey of the Stars | Warrior Cats MC
goldenpvp.serv.nu;goldenpvp
MC.NoXiaNGaming.Ro;MC-NoX Network
192.99.47.154:26129;KyCraft
Tryzicraft.mchost.pro;Tryzcraft
Mc.Exotic-Network.Com;Exotic Factions
185.38.149.59:25575;rust factions
51.255.142.199;MLG Fire Servers
Dragonpvp.eu;Dragonpvp.eu
ImmortalPvP.craft.gg;ImmortalPvP
northcarolina.strangled.net;North Carolina Factions
mc-mineville-net.nitrous.it:25577;MineVille
37.187.25.36:25625;VortaPVP
play.bigcore.network;BigCore Network
mc.servebear.com;Servebear
104.206.231.46:25572;EnderCraft 24/7 Factions Survival
play.bluecraft.net;BlueCraft
franticme.mcserver.ws;Frantic Me
134.255.220.200:9512;The Yolo Games
s14.hosthorde.com:25791;Blazing Network
198.24.162.106:65201;OldSquadcraft
needsbuildfreeop.game-host.org;needsbuild free op remastered
Test.mymc.io;Anarchy New Version Testing Server
Test.mymc.io;Anarchy Test Server
Holidaycraft.ddns.net;Girls Craft Holidays
Holidaycraft.ddns.net;Holidays of Crafting
149.202.74.145:26010;Hero Netowrk
play.forgottenplanet.net;Forgottenplanet
37.187.146.164:41573;OrbitPvP
mc.spomgcraft.ovh;spomgcraft
mineatron.net;Mineatron Reopen on July 1st 2016
mineatron.net;Mineatron Reopen on July 1st 2016
142.4.218.166:26123;WitherCraft
universcraft.ddns.net;UniversCraft
216.172.108.222;Nexus Survival
minermc.mcpro.co;MinerMc
198.27.67.62:25098;Voltage MC
74.86.113.213:25593;Phantom Factions
167.114.208.127:35813;Luna-Craft 2.0
Custompvp.net;CustomPvP
exoticcraft.myserver.gs:40001;exoticcraft
mcwindcraft.fadehost.com;Windcraft Factions
167.114.101.57:25588;geckofactions
s6.hosthorde.com:26281;KreeperKraft
167.114.157.241:26584;MC Dark Falls
play.damnop.net;DamnOP Network
167.114.102.150:27837;CraftVenture
s8.hosthorde.com:26327;CraftiteSMP
5.196.81.52:26006;Hopper MC
primalcraft.fadehost.com;Elie
69.175.38.170:25588;WizardCraft
play.masterprison.net;MasterPrison
play.minelast.com;Minelast - Creative HIRING
198.24.171.42:34122;NecropolisPvP  Factions
play.minelast.com;Minelast Creative - Looking for Staff
mc.sciscape.us;SciScape X
play.skyblockae.xyz;SkyblockAE
198.24.174.98:28439;RedemptionMC
s4.minespan.com:26383;Tropical Network
andrewcraft.ddns.net;Andrew Craft
FurServer.apexmc2.co:25800;FurServer
RoyalFactions.com;RoyalFactions 
Opplays.mcph.co;Opplays
play.coreprison.net;CorePrison
emgicraft.mcpro.co;EmgiCraft
vitos.kzsrv.com;Vitos
mc.bsgamessv.com.br;BSGames Semi-Vanilla
43.245.161.202;ChaosMc
epiland.serv.nu;EpiLand
Play.MauriceTV.de;MauriceTV.de
pixelpalm.mcpro.co;Pixel Palm
mc-skygrid.net;MC Skygrid
mineatron.net;Mineatron Reopen on July 1st 2016
mineatron.net;Mineatron Reopen on July 1st 2016
toxic-l33t.ddns.net;Infinity Realms
162.244.167.81:47843;CarrotCraft
37.187.144.57:25604;Oasis MC
play.dusdavidgames.nl;dusdavidcraft.rusland
play.nlgameserver.nl;NLGameserver
applecraft101.mcpro.eu;Applecraft101
TrikesPrison.com;TrikesPrison
wat.beastmc.com:25586;Wat-Community
minevival.playmc.biz;Minevival
164.132.137.161;chicken
s24.hosthorde.com:25946;Amplifiedraids
pixelcraft.minecr4ft.nl:25908;PixelCraft
loopygaming.zapto.org:25593;Loopy Gaming
s5.minespan.com:26433;KryptonMC
FelishionCraft.mygs.co:41940;FelishionCraft
174.138.171.122:64475;Feather Prison
silencedoffical.mc-server.net;Silenced Offical
FlamingGames.coldfire.org;FlamingGames- Need staff 
play.fukkitcraft.com:26967;fukkitcraft
ArcaniaCraft.mcpro.co;ArcaniaCraft
ultracraft.mcserver.ws:25665;UltraCraft
hgcz.crafted.pro;HungryCraft
51.255.106.228;Toxic Faction Server
5.135.8.192:26185;MenS MC
Mc.HighDesires.com;High Desires | Drugs PvP Factions
198.50.189.12;TeliPrisons
remixpvp.com;New Prison Server
james.myserver.gs;Pro-Matic Gta Hub
rapidcraft.strangled.net:26502;RapidCraft
149.56.75.252;JusticeMC
play.sexynations.net;Sexy Nation Needs Staff and Builders
mcwindcraft.fadehost.com;Windcraft Factions
mcwindcraft.fadehost.com;Windcraft Factions
Gordio.mcph.co;Gordio Survival
184.154.16.250:42229;SplashHub
xundertale.com;xundertale
198.50.207.69;Destruction and Despair
69.175.43.171:25585;cmcraft
play.lemoncloud.org;lemoncloud
198.100.153.109:25566;VendettaPvP
198.100.153.109:25566;VendettaPvP
158.69.124.205:25692;LostVortex 
NinjaMC.org;NinjaMC
88.150.171.81;WitherRealm
flexmc.xyz;FlexMC Factions
185.28.189.138:41397;Vanilla Pancakes
hyper.serv.nu:41920;HyperServ
endoria.servegame.com:20812;Endoria
37.187.139.123:28571;United MC
revolutioncraft.eu;RevolutionCraft
mc.pinksheep.dk;Pink Sheep
158.69.26.187:25605;LagoonPvP
mc.ArcherNetwork.tk;ArcherNetwork
hypercraft.serverbuilds.com;hypercraft
play.dagelijkshaadee.nl;DirtCraft
minesoon.xyz;Minesoon
134.255.236.159:20000;freecraft
deadlycraft.mymc.io;DeadlyCraft
DeadRealmsNetwork.dmch.nl:25632;DeadRealmsNetwork.dmch.nl
coconut.mcserver.ws;Coconut
188.165.198.106:27685;cimzonpvp
46.105.111.32:28251;Pixel Universe
mcsodbg.mcraft.pro;SoulsOfDarkness
s14.hosthorde.com:25775;GodzFactions
furiousfactions.us;FuriousFactions - Need Staff 
play.visualpvp.pw;VisualPvP
mc.factionassassin.net;Factionassassin
play.bastionnetwork.net;The Bastion Network
159.8.141.202:57394;QuiverUniverse
cooeycraft.myserver.gs;cooeycraft
thehood.mcserver.ws;The Hood
MC.xFunserver.net;xFunserver
play.zionnkingdom.com;Zionn Kingdom
CagierPlex.myserver.gs;CagierPlex Needs regular players
203.98.81.19:25745;Invexcraft
play.potentialpvp.org;Potential PvP
play.potentialpvp.org;Potential PvP
play.potentialpvp.org;Potential PvP
play.potentialpvp.org;Potential PvP
play.potentialpvp.org;Potential PvP
alpha.crafted.pro;Alpha Craft
somoswenisimos.myserver.gs;SomosWenisimos
192.227.173.139;CakeCraftMC |Needs Staff|
19Amplified.crafted.pro;19Amplified
remixpvp.com;Remix PvP
doomtown.net;Doomtown
minecraftmafia.co;Minecraft Mafia
mc.crystalsurvival.us;CrystalSurvival
play.vermilionmc.com;VermilionMC
killfam.mcph.co;killfam need staff
93.123.18.23;DiamondCraft
EuTeams.pw;EuPvP - Looking for staff
37.187.144.57:25619;SaltyBedrock
149.202.64.7:25738;Havoc Craft
imperialpvp.xyz;ImperialPvP
TheBesTurk.axitrbilisim.com:1220;TheBesTurk
62.210.62.197:17483;WeFactions
valts.bounceme.net;Valts
BMGHub.tk;BMG Servers Hub
deadlycraft.mymc.io;DeadlyCraft
combofactions.mcph.co;ComboFactions
mc.whengamersfail.it;whengamersfail
corpseymc.top;CorpseyMC Factions Tinkerer
nooruless.mcpro.eu;NooRuless
blueroom.mygs.co;BlueRoom
blueroom.mygs.co;BlueRoom
pvp.battlemade.com;Battlethingy
162.245.5.81;Scrub Crew
play.arsenalmc.net;ArsenalMC
37.187.134.19:31449;Easy Mining
AhvarPvP.de;AhvarPvP
titanic.ench.pl:26443;Titanic
ZaphCraft.online;ZaphCraft
23.91.4.10:55749;RemoCraft | need Dev and staff
162.248.89.69;Den of Arseholes
158.69.24.128:25616;SuperCraft
play.majnkreft.tk;Majnkreft Servers
pvp.thearchon.net;TheArchon
s55.hosthorde.com:25614;SilverKraft
162.244.165.131:57237;Township Craft
nooruless.mcpro.eu;NoRules
nooruless.mcpro.eu;Minecraft Server
s29.hosthorde.com:26043;Walking Dead
s16.hosthorde.com:26275;ZumaCraft
codecraftmc.com;CodeCraftMC
69.175.72.226:25585;LegendaryMC Reborn
164.132.69.84;pixel factions
pottymouth.mcservers4.me;Potty Mouth
furiousfactions.us;FuriousFactions - Need Staff 
kmn.flnet.org:25544;Taco Factions
mc.thecraftingtablerpg.net;The Crafting Table
orbitalcraft.noip.me;orbitalcraft
omegaraid.apexmc3.co;OmegaRaid
168.1.74.14:44726;SchmeenCraft
play.immortalmc.ml;ImmortalMC
5.196.80.42:41164;PandaR3alm
mcterritory.com:26496;MCTerritory
158.69.124.32:40093;IDRCraft Survival Need Staff
149.56.0.34:25568;Australian MC Community
192.99.37.30:26781;ClemsonCraft
ultimate-mc.ddns.net:25577;Ultimate-MC
play.thedragonworld.net;The Dragonworld
167.114.208.215:25760;ELITES
AcePvP.myserver.gs;AcePvP
37.187.29.204:28625;Redstone Legion
minecraft1.pdkwebs.nl;Factions Server
minecraft2.pdkwebs.nl:25568;PDKwebs Flying server
play.menatrate.com:25761;meatrate_games
37.187.158.155:41572;McTitans
149.202.66.219:40056;L24
188.212.100.219;mc.CasualDDoS.ro
Berylum.apexmc2.co;Berylum Survival
squizytwifts.bukkit.nl:26080;SquizyyTwifts
185.38.148.39:26065;Deficiency Gaming Minecraft
impressivesky.tk;Impressive-Skyblock
93.186.198.28;Amuria
empires.servegame.com;Empires
cloud9.mcph.eu;Cloud 9 Craft
158.69.98.11;ReactPvp
167.114.156.60:25933;chillville
167.114.78.132;CvSurvival
68.184.47.177:25577;DiamondCraft
185.38.148.190:25591;MC Light Craft
162.245.1.102;Minecraft PH
purefactions.mygs.co:40815;PureFactions
162.248.89.69;Den of Arseholes
192.99.19.190:28964;LegitSky
37.187.133.216:27607;klifgym
167.114.107.122;Xylonia PVE
play.damnop.net;DamnOp
ebonycraft.serverminer.com;eboncraft
s29.hosthorde.com:26043;survivalCraft
173.242.124.152;Viper Gaming
PvP.VigilantMc.Com;VigilantMc | Semi-OP Factions |
play.masterprison.net;Master Prison
twistedkitpvp.serv.nu;TwistedNetwork
remixpvp.com;Remix PvP
37.187.146.16:28800;BloodCraft
novapvpz.tk;NovaPvP
swagpvp.mymc.io;SwagPvP
anemone.beastmc.com:25585;EquestrianMC
ultracraft.mcserver.ws:25665;UltraCraft Survival
slimeblock.com;Slimeblock
play.survivalincmc.com;Survival Incorporated
174.138.171.122:59287;WyldeCraft
soulpvp.serveminecraft.net;Soul Factions Pvp
192.99.38.43:28417;Exotic pvp
192.99.0.143:25324;Sips Minecraft
mc.remixpvp.com;Remix PvP
play.xotrus.com;Xotrus Survival
192.99.46.220:26233;QuitranNetwork
173.236.63.143:25585;SurvivorCraft
95.141.32.170:60172;GreenPrison
167.114.102.154:25603;HyperDrive KitPVP Staff Needed
play.citadelsonline.net;Citadels Online - MMOrpg Server
5.255.70.75:25877;Mocrocraft
5.196.82.228:27091;Citric PvP
Trinex.mygs.co:10071;Trinex-Creative 
play.paladiummc.co;PaladiumMC
societypvp.fmc.pw:27931;SocietyPvP
151.80.78.207:29255;KattoCraft
Ecopvp.mcho.us;EcoPVP
185.38.148.98:25587;SurvivalUniverse
play.elexnetwerk.nl;technopolis
fhsminecraft.beastmc.com;FHS Minecraft
cauldronuniverse.mcph.co;CauldronUniverse Survival
play.vanguardpvp.net;vanguardpvp
s16.hosthorde.com:26300;Nitro Prison
159.8.141.198:62743;ApolloMC
5.196.83.57:41043;MineTopia
167.114.102.199:25614;UniversalCraft Network
198.24.168.254;Vintage PvP
pvp.minearena.com.br;MineArena
Techheaven.hbmc.net;Tech heaven
s21.minespan.com:26596;XheroCraft
turtle.mygs.co;Turtle World
Blurkit.net;blurkitcraft
Blurkit.net;blurkitcraft
play.toxiclab.net;ToxicLab PvP
185.38.149.42:25575;RQCraft
23.94.159.93;RetractFactions
ExtraMc.mcph.co;Extra NC
ExtraMc.mcph.co;Extra MC
ExtraMc.mcph.co;Extra NC
play.remixpvp.com;Remix PvP
intothewoods-mc.net;Into The Woods
5.135.237.64:26125;AysCraft
167.114.116.19:25834;DudleyCraft
192.99.17.180:28455;The Diamond Gauntlet
play.lodusmc.com;LodusMC
dsurvival.net;Dashed Survival
37.187.146.16:28467;JaysCraft VanillaPlus
WarZoneCraft.g-s.nu;WarZone
0GSkyblock.mcserver.ws;OGSkyBlock 
trinityMC.mchost.pro;TrinityFactions
play.tripex-network.com;Tripex
158.69.117.100:25737;WarroomFactions
GlobalKitPvP.crafted.pro;GlobalKitPvP
us.hypixel.net;Hypixel server
xenithnetwork.mcph.co;Xenith Network
199.187.127.137:25812;Ulmcraft
199.187.127.137:25812;UlmCraft
nightrealm.beastmc.com;Nightrealm PvP
vatrixcraft.no-ip.org;Vatrix Craft
192.161.207.20;Rail-Craft
shadowcraftnetwork.fadehost.com;ShadowCraft
45.35.63.34:25683;The Truth Network (Factions)(Soup)
MC.PvP-Nation.Com;PvPNation
192.99.232.228:25573;DraconicMc
184.154.79.77:25587;SovereignCraft
158.69.225.12:25740;ShiBending
185.28.189.198:25993;Elder Craft
ExtraMc.mcph.co;Extra MC
InfernoRealms.mcph.co;InfernoRealm
play.archercraftmc.us;Archer Craft Network
revivedmc.cubed.pro;RevivedMC
play.conquestpvp.net;ConquestPvP
149.202.69.135:41462;FactionsWorld
play.fluxusmc.com;FluxusMC
premiumsmp.mcph.co:35473;PremiumSmp
188.177.161.146;LapizPvp
TimePvP.McPro.Co;TimePvP
warcraftsv.servegame.com;WarCraft-Network
templater.g-s.nu;Template Maker
46.105.172.27;MonsterFactions
27.50.64.101:6050;wolf town
Keres.mcph.co;Realm of Keres
37.187.25.36;LunarPvP
medievalprison.on.vg;MedievalPrison
185.56.136.44:37609;LuxuryCraft
Blazeshaft.com;BlazeShaft
5.200.23.166:26087;freedomcraft
s17.minespan.com:26096;KeyCraft
Xerillion.cubed.pro;XerillionPvP
167.114.158.78:26115;Trinity Wars
pvp.vikonation.net;VikoNation Factions
nyeh.infinite-realms.org;Nyeh-Realm | UnderTale RolePlay Factions
37.187.27.123:26150;Candy Faction
69.175.126.229:25586;Neue Welt Roleplay
LudenCraft.Com;LudenCraft | WE in Creative | Survival..
Play.EtherealNetwork.Top;Ethereal Network
play.shoarmacraft.ga;ShoarmaCraft
MeneerDee.khplay.nl;MeneerDeeCraft
96.127.191.19;LadendaryKitPvP
FaZeSurvival.serv.nu;FaZeSurvival
kidincanmc.mcph.co;Kid Incan MC
play.affluentmc.com;AffluentMC
23.94.121.17;CookiePrison
85.134.54.214:27016;VikPrison
kryptonitefactions.ddns.net;KryptoniteFactions
ExposedPvP.serv.nu;Exposed PVP
128.65.219.51;PixelSpace.net
192.99.44.128:26170;MultitudeMC
mc.emeraldcrafters.net;Emerald Crafters
mc.theomeganetwork.ga;The Omega Network
prison.sbgmc.net;The Official PrisonTech Prison Server
167.114.102.188:25631;ThunderCraft Survival
HunterSkull.serv.nu:41949;HunterSkull
HunterSkull.serv.nu;HunterSkull
46.105.84.60;BloomCraft
LudenCraft.Com;LudenCraft | WE in Creative | Survival..
noblefactions.com;Noble Factions
nano-network.bounceme.net;Nano-Network
podmc.com;PodMC
sgtcraft.cubed.pro;SGT Craft
pantheramc.com;Panthera MC
mcadrenaline.hostbukkit.com:28694;MCAdrenaline
x84.me;x84.me
185.87.23.208;BlashPvP
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
193.111.140.225:26529;vrij-network
ggpvp.org;GGPVP
pjsskyblock.net:34032;PJsSkyBlock
mc.craftarg.xyz;CraftArg Survival Rpg
play.thevortexmc.com;TheVortexMC
play.masterprison.net;Master Prison
pilotpvp.mcpro.co;PilotPvP
pilotpvp.mcpro.co:34630;PilotPvP
aimfactions.mcph.co;AimFactions
51.254.186.104;FluffyCraft
185.38.148.43:25611;Realm Of Rebirth
TitanNetwork.mchost.pro;TitanNetworks
37.187.137.142:25600;Casual Survival Minecraft
185.56.136.44:37609;LuxuryCraft
178.20.170.107:25628;ReconCraft
play.royalnetwork.us;TNT GREIF entire maps with guns
167.114.1.144:25873;Abaddon Factions
eu.SkyHive.net;eu.SkyHive.net
192.99.19.45:25677;Dr_Jeff
gotskyblock.net;GotNetwork
play.mcazure.com;AzureMC
148.251.67.67:25620;DK.server
pvp.mineteck.com:33333;MineTeck
Tryzicraft.mchost.pro:28000;Tryzicraft
windoomfriends.com;WinDooM
198.24.174.98:51023;Arcaydia
VortexNetwork.mine.bz:26747;VortexNetwork
pixelbypixel.mcraft.pro;Pixel By Pixel
162.244.165.161:27603;CenturyCraft
162.244.165.21:37665;Stealthcraft
play.hydraxmc.com;HydraxMC
mcclay.jumpingcrab.com;mcclay
158.69.226.2:26110;OmegaRaid
s3.minespan.com:25844;Litheria
omegaraid.apexmc3.co:26110;OmegaRaid
omegaraid.apexmc3.co;OmegaRaid
nano-network.bounceme.net;Nano-Network
158.69.226.2:26110;OmegaRaid
pixel.carbonatedgaming.com;Carbonated Gaming Pixelmon
campcraftmc.net;CampCraft Network
play.planetmine.org;play.planetmine.org
odessycraft.mcph.co;OdessyCraft
27.254.151.193;Minecraft-RIGA Season 4
auroracraftmc.serv.nu;AuroraCraft
nexogamers.servegame.com:25567;NexoGamers
192.99.150.95:41149;XeoAcdicIsland-MTN
peracraft.us;Peracraft
s18.minespan.com:26518;HawkGameing
snowballmc.mcpro.eu;Snowball Survival
37.187.137.104:33674;MineshaftCraft
endurecraft.ddns.net;Endurecraft
184.154.16.178;KingCraftFactions
strongerspotion.fluctis.com;StronGerPotion
Wolf-Town.us.to:6050;WolfTown
RBcraft.cubed.pro:27206;RBcraft
69.175.53.200;BaffleCraft
ArcticWorld.Crafted.Pro;Arctic World Network
eu.momau.de;M_Network
warforlife.featherhosting.com;War for Life
voidcraft99.serv.nu:41364;VoidCraft
188.165.234.145:25588;GamingNetwork
158.69.22.191:28012;VultureMC
158.69.54.213:40856;FaZeFactions.
play.arcticpvp.net;ArcticPvP
MineCraftPVP.mygs.co;Survival Server 
mythicnetwork.us.to;MythicNetwork
lima.kaashosting.nl:25622;DrpServer
pitania.khplay.nl:25616;pitania
play.vanguardpvp.net;VanguardPVP - Factions
FogheyCraft.us.to;FogheyCraft
mccraft.myserver.gs;mccraft
CitadelMC.com;CitadelMC
23.235.232.56;ConcordSmp
play.themcpixel.com;TheMcPixel Freee Op need staff
98.180.220.195;Haven SMP
minecraftea.no-ip.info;Minecraftea
192.99.147.158;Bobcrat (Staff badly needed)
69.175.36.204:25589;EmeraldZone
37.187.137.142:25600;Arcadia Gapple PvP
mc.infinitygrief.us:26125;AysCraft
mcslo.verygames.eu;McSlo
s47.hosthorde.com:26061;Noahs Private Server
162.244.164.11:39612;RenegadeMcCraft
blokpvp.nl;Blok PVP Network
mc.smiteprison.net;SmitePrison 3
omegaraid.apexmc3.co;OmegaRaid
130.180.201.228:33867;MarsKitPvp
play.crimsonpvp.org;Crimson PvP
MC.Slimemobs.com;Slimemobs
mc.hexverse.net;HexVerse
survivalminecraft.tk;Survival Minecraft
play.royalnetwork.us;TNT GREIF entire maps with guns
medievalepidemic.mcpro.co;MedievalEpidemic
ilegendcraft.fluctis.com;iLegendCraft
play.crimsonpvp.org;CrimsonPvP
192.99.150.95:40696;BananaCraft
play.kara-craft.com;KaraCraft
ProZone.beastmc.com;ProZone
hypercraft.mine.gg:13233;Hypercraft | OP Prison Server | Plots
minecraftea.no-ip.info;minecraftea
198.23.203.110;Underground SMP
play.instituteofmagic.net;Harry Potter RP - Institute of Magic
162.244.165.1:41610;TheMoltenHuskys BloodCraft Server
167.114.118.74:40184;FactionShipWars
cloud9.mcph.eu;Cloud 9 
medievalepidemic.mcpro.co;MedievalEpidemic
GamesForYou.cubed.pro;GamesForYou
play.mineislands.com;Mine Islands | Skyblock
play.tomorrow-craft.com;Tomorrow-Craft
mc.reaperhcf.com;Reapermc
knapie.xs4all.nl;WiePieGames
speedcraft.secretmine.de;SpeedCraft
198.50.133.69;Amarda Minigames
TheRidgeMC.mcph.co;TheRidgeMC
deadlycraft.mymc.io;DeadlyCraft
s10.minespan.com:26453;Worldcraft MC
142.4.218.206:26062;Soupvp just opened
198.24.165.154:34105;Need Staff
167.114.102.175:25572;Logical Gaming. With Custom Enchants
142.4.218.206:26062;Soupvp now open
ar.joinmc.eu;AR-Server
play.mineraids.com;MineRaids Factions PvP | Custom Plugins
s5.minespan.com:26470;Skyriver Factions 3.0 we need staff
Starverse.beastmc.com;Starverse 
legoraynetworks.fluctis.com:26321;LEGORAYNetworks
mc.platinumverse.net;Platinum Verse
mc.loreofcrafters.eu;Lore of Crafters
198.50.237.250;Born2Craft-Server
shipwrecks.mcph.co;Shipwrecks
192.95.60.45;ComixNetwork
mc.shadowraidgaming.com;Shadow Raid Gaming
vatrixcraft.no-ip.org;Vatrix Craft
69.175.56.195:25585;Open Program Server
167.114.156.201:26020;Skypark Survival
oppvp.ddns.net;OpPvp
mc.sagekits.com;SageKits
184.154.16.250:49591;Anarchy
167.114.209.21:26049;InsanityRealms
ohanacraftofficial.mcph.co;OhanaCraft
kerf.mchaven.net:2893;HavenMC Survival
149.202.90.9:41563;CaptainCraft.serv.nu
185.87.23.39;PlayWorld
164.132.65.62;IronLand
mc3.suteidc.com:26996;StarSky
pixelmon.mystycfalls.com;DewChanon
play.nightshadeserver.com;DewChanom
37.187.254.137:41896;Nuketown Minetopia
209.133.209.161:26583;MysticGamingNetwork
164.132.237.34;NovaCraft
192.99.160.121:26194;PlayJohto
192.99.21.47:25624;Need test Admins
EutheLandiaCraft.mygs.co;EutheLandiaCraft
trollcraft.gamehosting.it;TrollCraft
SkyPvP.minecraft360.de;MySkyPvP
93.114.82.238;mc.powergame.ro
HerpNetwork.serv.nu;Herp Network
79.124.58.12;Build and Destroy
OrbitalMind.mcpro.co;Orbital Mind
eliteplanet.mcraft.gr;ElitePvP
149.202.64.7:25726;DropTopia
play.mineworld.ml;Mineworld - TNT Wars
192.99.235.117;Cat Craft
178.32.58.75;Mc.Yard.Lv
hazardbars.cf:25709;Hazard Prison
play-minetopia.serv.nu;minetopia
192.99.38.156:41257;DarkPvP Factions Server
silencedoffical.mc-server.net;silencedoffical
185.56.136.44:37609;LuxuryCraft
37.187.153.8:29274;MultiCraft
192.99.19.190:28962;RedHill semi vanilla
93.186.192.54:26794;WandShaft
s4.minespan.com:26215;ElektroCraft
NetPunch.xyz;NetPunch.xyz
185.56.136.44:37609;LuxuryCraft
vatrixcraft.no-ip.org;Vatrix Craft
Estradacraftfun.mcserver.ws:26978;Estradacraft-Fun
69.175.38.213:25585;Spleef Prison
budgetuk.virtualgladiators.com:25692;JCraftSMP
s6.minespan.com:26176;Wyvern Battles
remixpvp.com;RemixPvP| Factions| Prisons| And More
167.114.1.218:26009;ShadowCraft
DankStorm.Mcpro.co;DankStorm
167.114.58.74;Revengent PvP
192.99.148.39:25901;SchoolRP
173.236.95.245:25585;SC Lava Factions
shadow.ga:25579;Shadow.GA
sorcerypvp.mcph.co;SorceryPVP
158.69.225.12:25748;SaucePvP
explosivecraft.us.to;ExplosiveCraft
play.daftcraft.net;DaftCraft Hub
naturalismc.ddns.net;Naturalis
midnight.givemefish.com;Dragon Craft
198.24.171.42:33481;Wolfcraft Need Staff
162.244.165.141:56860;FireCraft
198.143.137.98:25585;Medieval Factions
mc.phantomp.info:25571;PotentialPvP
themoistsponge.com:25601;The MoistSponge 
play.pugskiwicraft.tk:25636;KiwiCraft
play.wavednetwork.com;Wave Network
119.252.191.5:25615;Cortex Survival | Australian Survival
158.69.116.80:41332; Plugin Testing Spigot
158.69.22.191:28012;VultureMC
mineplex.com:5555;oknhuy
chaosprisonmc.mine.gg:10499;ChaosPrisonMC
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
s8.minespan.com:26292;KoolKraft
192.99.21.47:25624;Friendly server need staff
192.99.20.81:25661;SpectrumCraft
xuecraft.crafted.pro;XueCraft
minepulse.serv.nu;Minepulse
108.166.188.213;KamiCraft
149.202.66.178:25581;WizardCraft
LuxuryCraftMC.tk:37609;LuxuryCraft
5.196.185.41;WorldCrafter
hcpixel.on.vg;Huntcraft Pixelmon
192.99.148.161:25968;UCPixelmon (3.5.1)
hcpixellegacy.on.vg;Huntcraft Pixelmon
cornpvp.mygs.co;CornPvP
zenicraft.mcph.eu;ZeniCraft
swiftlycrafted.mcpro.co;Swiftly Crafted
142.4.218.206:26062;Soupvp now open
storyadventure.eu;Story Adventure
198.100.159.190;Yellow Skies MC
mc50.vgmc.us:25654;24/7 PVP
192.99.21.111:25623;PotatoUniversePrison
Emeraldcrew.no-ip.org;EmeraldCrew
mc.purevisiongaming.eu;PureVisionCraft
starnet.ddns.net:25575;My New Server
mc.remixpvp.com;RemixPvP| Factions| Prisons| And More
mc.AzurSG.eu;AzurCade
themoistsponge.com:25601;The Moist Sponge
factions.c4servers.space:25938;C4 Factions and MCMMO
192.99.44.128:26171;Prismarine Towny
mc.minepath.net;Minepath
158.69.226.219:40108;SkyyCraft
play.magzcraft.xyz;MagzCraft
caramelcraft.mcph.co;CaramelCraft Conquest
empireeconomy.mcpro.co;Empire Economy
108.61.118.26:10360;Haxx
furiousfactions.us;FuriousFactions - Need Staff 
yg2official.fluctis.com:26869;Yogbox 2.0
Krispycraft.mcserver.ws;KrispyCraft
CristalSurvival.serv.nu;CristalSurvival
cloudmadnessmc.serv.nu;CloudMadnessMC
188.166.136.170;BlitzOutpost
195.154.232.71:19913;Hyperion
195.154.146.126:25754;WastedPvP
play.mc-classicsurvival.com;Mc-ClassicSurvival
blacksurvival.mcpro.co;BlackSurvival
killercraftgames.serv.nu;killercraft network
hamcraft.net:25555;HamCraft - Need People 
myst.crafted.pro;Myst
myst.crafted.pro:26380;Myst
193.111.140.156:26446;the badspleez server
Game-Crystal.net;Game-Crystal Hardcore PVP Server
minecraft1077.omgserv.com:10010;YoloCraft
159.8.75.40:45222;MineDistrict
Minecraftserver.com;Flans.iets.com
munkkicraft.net9.fi:29326;Munkkicraft
192.99.21.47:25624;SpectrumCraft
varsity.nitrous.it;Varsity Creative
omegaraid.apexmc3.co;OmegaRaid
play.galaxyprison.com;GalaxyPrison
play.galaxyprison.com;GalaxyPrison
pvpfight.com;pvpworld
penguins.nitrous.it;PenguinCraft
play.smashserver.co.uk;Smash
play.smashserver.co.uk;Smash
play.smashserver.co.uk;Smash
play.smashserver.co.uk;Smash
mc.slay.lt;Droworld
play.resistpvp.com;RessistPVP
158.69.127.185:41516;Cloud Gaming
s4.minespan.com:26625;LuckyPi Survival Server
factions.remixpvp.com;RemixPvP| Factions| Prisons| And More
192.99.21.47:25624;Spectrum
play.nerdysociety.me;The Nerdy Society
158.69.127.150:41099;SaintCraft
167.114.0.223:25571;ExelCraft
skyfactions.com.br;guardiao
eu.pixelforce.net;PixelForce
167.114.156.62:28100;Logical Pvp
angstrum.net;Angstrum Network
184.154.16.250:49591;Anarchy
instantcraft.ddns.net;Instant-Craft
mc.purpurplex.com;PurpurPlex
Enderpython.co.uk;EnderPython Network
Toadnetworkmc.mcph.co;ToadNetworkMC
185.91.116.135;Gameplus.eu | Survival&Creative&VIP
Play.theamigos.co.uk;Theamigos
198.100.26.67;EloCraft
play.survivalmc.xyz;SurvivalMC
towerpvp.servermine.com.br;Tower PvP
162.255.215.67;The Avernus Corporation 
176.31.208.221:26889;TrinityNetwork
pvp.beastfactions.net;BeastFactions
SVenomCraft.serverminer.com;SVenomCraft
templecraft.net9.fi;TempleCraft
alpha.kaashosting.nl:25595;Alpha-Craft
play.mytheria.net;Mytheria / Skyblock / Factions
LuxuryCraftMC.tk:37609;LuxuryCraft
66.151.244.26;Vanilla Craft
LuxuryCraftMC.tk:37609;LuxuryCraft
mc.freakyville.net;Freakyville
5.255.85.213:25910;Upsylon
108.170.3.178:40296;Mushroomcraft OPFactions
94.23.76.127:25555;TraxPvP
play.shadowpvp.top;ShadowPVP
184.154.16.250:49591;Anarchy
hawk.myserver.gs;GTAMC
Play.RelentlessNetwork.Com;RelentlessNetwork
96.127.169.164:25587;Corprel_Crafting
omegaraid.apexmc3.co;OmegaRaid
alphasurvival.xyz;Alpha Survival
play.virtualtorpedo.com:25586;TwistedTorpedo
167.114.102.208:25750;Firecraft need staff now
158.69.28.177;GangCentral Guns Drugs Gangs -Beta-
Quickk-Freedom.serv.nu;Quickk-Freedom
zmpvp.apexmc3.co;AndersonM (kit) PvP
play.violetnetwork.net;Violet Network
lazuli.craft.vg;LazuliCraft
grovenetwork.us:25674;GroveNetwork
play.blocksiege.com;Block Siege
158.69.120.198:25601;Vengeance PvP
117.53.152.71:30124;Fairy-Net
mc.citycraftmc.us;CityCraft Network
Play.Wicked-Realms.net;Wicked Realms
Occtonal.mcpro.co;Occtonal Factions
jumpicraft.omgcraft.fr;jumpicraft
minecraftserver.myserver.gs;Minetopia
minecraftserver.myserver.gs;Minetopia
37.187.175.190:32121;ConzieCraft
happyfaction.crafted.pro;HappyFactions
167.114.65.206:26028;Supernova
149.202.70.172:40783;BulgarianNetwork
combofactions.mcph.co;ComboFactions
167.114.65.210:25874;MineQuest
s14.minespan.com:26196;Need Staff
MC.AquaticNation.net;Aquatic Nation
munnet.net:25570;JediLand
AngelicPvP.us.to;AngelicPvP
play.ghostrydergames.com:25609;Ghost Ryder Games
s9.hosthorde.com:26062;Chocolate
TacoWorld.mcraft.pro;TacoWorld
67.190.107.34;FactionNetwork
LudenCraft.Com;LudenCraft | WE in Creative | Survival..
149.202.66.219:41044;Witherkunnat
TigerKits.roxweb.fr;TigerKits
198.143.157.84:25585;Abandon Arena
149.202.92.165:41515;TheGameDay-Kingom
jogar.badlands.com.br;Badlands Survival
play.mytheria.net;MytheriaNetwork
enderpython.co.uk;enderpython
fallenmc.mcworlds.pro;FallenMC
WanderersInk.myserver.gs;WanderersInk
TheBeezKneez.mygs.co:40362;TheBeezKneez - No longer cracked
5.255.85.210:26397;World Of Legends - Needs staff
solstice.serv.nu;Solstice Skyblock
undeadmc.mymc.io;Undead MC - Space Roleplay
192.99.173.177;DeadPvP
142.4.218.206:26062;SoupPvP Now Open
192.99.232.228:25573;DraconicMC
192.99.232.228:25573;DraconicMC
colacraft.net9.fi;Colacraft
188.122.88.131:29239;Ellenor
158.85.102.107:41040;ShovelNet
tntw.mymc.io;TNTWcraft
PrimeFFA.mchost.pro:25727;PrimeFFA
warscrafts.craft.gg;warscrafts
sky-network.us;Sky Network US
188.241.14.239;TerraCraft
realmspvp.factions.ws:26396;Realms Pvp Factions
rizeprison.crafted.pro:26599;Rize Prison
nano-network.bounceme.net;Nano-Network
Nano-Network.Bounceme.Net;Nano-Network
Lemoncraft.tk;LemonCraft OP Prison
167.114.159.136;Miss-Fire
survivalkings.mcpro.co;SurvivalKings
hypefactions.myserver.gs;HypeFactions
lividpvp.mcraft.pro;LividPvP
ArmedPvpmc.apexmc3.co;ArmedPvPMC
SlebusPowerfulServer.Net;Slebus PowerFul Server
zetacraft.mcpro.co;ZetaCraft
51.254.159.182;MineShot
play.mythric.net;Mythric
Timepvp.mcpro.co;Timepvp
insanity-network.ddns.net:25577;Insanity-Network
deadlygalaxy.mcph.co;Deadly Galaxy
play.mutantfactions.co;Mutant Factions 2.0
play.mutantfactions.co;Mutant Factions 2.0
167.114.103.101:25613;KnightPvP
Crystalcraft.fadehost.com;CrystalCraft
play.griffinsurvival.net;GriffinRaiding
mc.pvp-nation.com;PvP Nation
play.valiantpvp.com;ValiantPvP
abysmalrift.mcpro.co;Abysmal Rift 
vgol.noip.me;VGOL
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;WitherLegion
play.legendssurvival.net;Legend Survival
moddedminecraft.de;ModdedMinecraft Skyblock und mehr
149.202.74.145:26033;League of Gamers
z0mbi3Craft.com;z0mbi3Craft
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;WitherLegion
play.theintelmc.com;play.theintelmc.com
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;Wither Legion
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;Wither Legion
superawesomeminecraftserver.com;jungelprison
wolfpawcybernetics.ddns.net;wolfpawcybernetics
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;Wither Legion
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;Wither Legion
SpookySkyFactory.noip.me;Von Spookelton | Sky Factory 2.4
s14.minespan.com:26196;Need Staff New server
chaosprisonmc.mine.gg:10499;ChaosPrisonMC
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;Wither Legion
au.immortal.kzsrv.com;Immortal Network
mine.servermc.nl;mineserver
chaosprisonmc.mine.gg:10499;ChaosPrisonMC
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;Wither Legion
158.69.127.150:41545;Switch Infinity Evolved v2.3.5
Slozziged.Playat.Ch;slozziged
TheGodCraft.playsrv.nl;godcraft
play.paladiummc.co;PaladiumMC
ragecore.u-host.de;RageCore
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;Wither Legion
fallenmc.mcworlds.pro;FallenMC
149.202.92.163:41680;SpidCraft
play.minecreep.nl;Minecreep
SimplyCrafty.serv.nu;SimplyCrafty // Survival // Need Staff
70.113.45.139;Survival Pvp
magicfactions.zapto.org:25674;MagicFactions
original-craft.playsrv.nl:25940;OriginalCraft
nollcraft.hostgamebr.com;NollCraft
mc.show-network.info;HyperPvP
skyblockuk.bounceme.net;SkyBlock UK
MC.Havyns.net;Havyns
164.132.81.42;PvP Army
37.59.252.134:3575;EnderCraft
titaniummc.mymc.io;Titaniumc MC
mc.nitronpvp.com;NitronPvP
FrontierNetwork.Co;Grant2k13
mc.chaoscraft.us;Chaoscraft Dark-Age Server
70.35.195.221:27836;oplemonsskyblock
198.24.171.162:47464;NeedStaff
play-codeblue.net;SensationKITPVP
play.mutantfactions.co;Mutant Factions 2.0 |Custom Plugins|
192.99.150.117:25968;Cruzu Craft
142.4.218.208:25703;OmegaFactions
149.202.70.191:41383;Noble-Craft
wepvp.tk:25711;WePVP
Reveal.McWorlds.Pro;Reveal
151.80.78.208:29273;Novacraft
fallenuniverse.mcpro.co;Fallen Universe
AndrewwwCraft.net;AndrewwwCraft
LuxuryCraftMC.tk:37609;LuxuryCraft
froztey-creative.serv.nu;Froztey Creative
mc.100sw.pro;100 Skywars
play.mutantfactions.co;Mutant Factions |Recruiting|
play.aethermc.org;AetherMC
198.27.67.62:27010;Blacklight
play.businessmc.org;BusinessMC Network
198.27.68.222:25586;HydraCloud
ScreepPrison.beastmc.com:25586;ScreepPrison
play.mutantfactions.co;MutantCraft |Custom Plugins|
callofminecraft.mcph.co;Call of MC
fartass.ml;Fart
fartass.ml;JOINFUCK
fartass.ml;killniggers
VanquishedPvP.mcph.co;VanquishedPvP
enchantedpvp.net;EnchantedPvP
130.180.201.228:33867;Mars SB
memekitpvp.mcserver.me;Meme Network
149.56.39.141;Solar Gaming Factions
Alpha.FlexCraftMC.com;FlexCraft
Mcsurvi.pl;Mcsurvi
SteakNet.mcpro.co;Steaknet
MLM.mcph.co;MLMNetwork
167.114.65.210:25874;MineQuest
play.royalnetwork.us;GRIEF the server
mc.minevine.org;MineVine
play.magzcraft.xyz;MagzCraft
5.200.23.161:26129;EasyFactions
mc.100sw.pro;100Skywars
198.27.69.163:26516;UbeCraft
85.114.133.32:26588;partycraftnetwork
play.mcihub.com;MCIHub
play.zionmc.co;Zion Minecraft
play.ziqinu.bz;TechDash MC
witherlegion.mcserver.ws;Wither Legion
minekee.com;MineKee
192.99.33.157:25511;RebornMC
192.99.21.121:28664;ZaramaCraft Need Developers Badly
198.24.174.98:49094;Project Bubble
192.99.5.198:25537;TheFallenPsycho_
infinitylegends.dynu.com;Infinity Legends
methane.mcph.co;Methane Prison
infinitykraft.duckdns.org;InfinityKraft Community
jogar.adventurecraft.com.br;AdventureCraft
CrafterLife.serv.nu;Crafter Life
lividpvp.mcraft.pro;LividPvP
minecash.us;Ayeelanaa
198.143.142.233:25586;Tamecrafters
184.154.16.178:44433;Kenlon
yas.us.to;AlphaRealms 
198.27.83.101:26374;Teragaia
158.69.225.172;Fearsome Factions
Factionpro.mcph.co;FactionPro
Play.DarkRealm.Org;DarkRealm
192.99.149.167:26244;MineReactor Network
amcayworld.mcpro.co:37468;AmCay
164.132.134.70:25595;Play.MegaMc.Ro - Survival
167.114.100.229:25568;Kang Dynasty
pvp.primemc.us:25599;PrimeMC
149.202.82.17:25587;Stormadventure
play.bigmineonline.com;BigMine
Play.Wicked-Realms.net;Play.Wicked-Realms.net
5.255.85.215:26162;skyblaze
158.69.226.219:40044;HeroNetwork
tubbiecraft.mygs.co;TubbieCraft
185.56.137.115;CyberFlame
mc.agrcraft.com;AGRCraft Network
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
play.skygrid.nl;skygrid.nl
OpNaze.cubed.pro;OpNaze
chaincraft.mcpro.eu:27914;Chaincraft
servidorec.sytes.net;ElementalCraft
theforgottennation.net;The Forrgotten Nation
5.255.70.77:25867;UniverseCraft
167.114.159.136:25615;Economy Survival V2.0
sys82688.leet.cc:23374;FinnCraft
138.201.31.152:25628;Pumpkin Pie Prison
TwqstedMC.srvip.net;TwqstedMC
158.69.124.46:41978;SCRAFT
TimeToMine.myserver.gs;TimeToMine
198.24.169.66:30840;Imzerial
192.99.21.121:28228;TheEnder
s9.hosthorde.com:26084;FenixSkyBlock
198.24.171.162:47464;SkyCraft
138.201.32.174:25585;TechOne
MCX.Anprex.Tk;Anprex
atlas.dsv.su.se;We need staff
play.PlanetsPvP.com;PlanetsPvP
185.38.149.59:25575;Obsidian PVP  Looking For Staff
149.202.64.7:25744;Red-Ice Network
84.200.18.149;Portugal LegendCraft
TreasonMC.crafted.pro;TreasonMC
crypticraft.mcpro.co;Crypticraft
aggressivedoughnuts.mcph.co;Agressive Doughnuts
drugempire.zapto.org:25683;Drug Empire
xeon-network.us;Xeon-Network
mc.minevine.org;MineVine
mc.minevine.org;MineVine
mc.minevine.org;MineVine
mc.minevine.org;MineVine
5.255.70.81:25603;DiamondNationmc
play.survivalmc.xyz;Survival MC
192.99.20.227:26382;TigerFactions
novitate-networks.com;Novitate Networks
192.99.148.48:30367;Cyclone Survival
factions.disconnecteduhc.com;Disconnected Factions
speedycraft.myserver.gs;SpeedyCraft
158.85.69.138:36800;Ruby Club
193.111.140.142:26449;CuboidCraft
play.reevemc.com;am mjad
23.91.4.10:55782;Jafar craft(looking for staff)
158.69.116.80:41113;AtomicMC
play.thefacemine.it;ToXiC_95
sneakysnake.mooo.com;SneakySnake
149.56.75.224:25821;NoStrafePvP
lotuspvp.us;sfdfsfaa
AspirePvP.eu;AspirePvP
37.187.154.73:25632;DemonCraft
NeptunePVP.apexmc3.co:25840;NeptunePVP
aurarealms.com;AuraRealms SMP
David.ServeMinecraft.Net;David_Mincraft
62.210.100.242:25843;BamBooCraft
108.170.8.146:35747;DynamicPVP Need staff
198.24.171.162:47464;SkyPVP
clammycraft.mcph.eu;Clammy Craft
158.69.124.46:40754;HypryCraft
158.69.124.35:41002;SpaceCraft-Towny-Jobs-Races&Classes
MCHawks.com;MCHawks.com - Kitpvp - Survival
play.revoltmc.com;RevoltMC
aggressivedoughnuts.mcph.co;aggressive doughnuts
wolf-gaming.myserver.gs;WolfGaming
Jonniecraft.tk:25631;JonnieCraft
stormwarspvp.mcpro.eu;StormwarsPvP
play.regenprison.xyz;Regen Prison
gosvalis.com;gosvalis
play.enderskies.us;Enderskies
pixelbypixel.mcraft.pro;Picel By Pixel
The.AlphaPVP.Club;The AlphaPVP Club
sithalive.no-ip.biz;FlameCraft
107.172.27.89;Lunatic Craft
legacymc.myserver.gs:40081;LegacyMC
CC.serv.nu;CreativityCentral
mc-heart.com;MCHeart Network
192.99.47.164:26086;Frostbite Survival
home.rage-it.com;Rage-IT Vanilla
twisted-pvp.mcpro.co:49470;TwistedPvP
arcticcraft1.mcph.co;Arcticcraft
gsb.mcph.co;Genesis Skyblock
176.31.241.166:25756;CloudyPVP
107.191.252.66:25607;KawaiiCraft
mc.fadehub.net;FadeHub
play.quietserver.org;The Quiet Server
mineshaft.myserver.gs;Mineshaft
creepland.serverminer.com;Creepland
51.254.186.19;WorldCraft
sandbox.mc-srv.com;Sandbox Minecraft Server
148.251.45.14:25825;TheGames
MCHawks.com;MCHawks
alphaproyects.omgcraft.es;AlphaProyects
138.201.29.155;SpeedCraft
5.39.4.221:65525;FrezzyPVP
toronallasmc.us.to;The Republic of Toronallas
93.123.18.121;GoldenGaming Minigames/PvP/Pve/Survival
68.190.139.61;VGOL
184.154.55.206;Stormcloud Galaxies
108.20.131.98:25569;ClearlyVanilla
ViceState.vgmc.co.uk;ViceState
185.114.156.203:25766;Baywatch 24/7 survival server
WorldMC.factions.ws;WorldMC
xcraft.myserver.gs;XCraftserver
198.24.178.162:26480;MiniiCrxft
minehost90.host-unlimited.de:28790;Battlecrafter Network
158.69.225.12:25755;WorldCrafters
play.cubicmc.com;CubicMC
mc.serb-craft.com;SkrillexCraft
roxbot.com;RoxBot
offensive.omgcraft.eu:12947;offensivenetwork
FunFactions.MyServer.Gs;FunFactions
5.189.177.198;StarHero.eu
play.intensitycraftpvp.com;IntensityCraft
Endshift-mg.mygs.co;EndShift Minigames
Bascraft.servermc.nl;BasCraft
sloblocks.mcph.eu;SloBlocks
62.141.42.133:28350;CryNite
DiamondCrafted.serv.nu;DiamondCrafted
RedstoneMc.serv.nu;RedStoneMc
Sportermc.serv.nu;SporterMc
192.99.114.99;TemplarGaming 
5.255.85.209:26006;Buildcraft
derpcraftserver.mcph.co;DerpyCraft
gamergonecrazy.mcph.co;GamerGoneCrazy
ZestyMC.mchost.pro;ZestyMC
ZestyMC.mchost.pro;ZestyMC
ZestyMC.mchost.pro;ZestyMC
167.114.100.109:25622;RC Craft
play.mcpowerpvp.com;PowerPVP
167.114.102.175:25637;UltraPrison
pvp.fraqnetwork.com;Fraq Network
crimsonmc.site;Crimson Nation Factions
cursemc.mcph.co:51132;Curse
rage.beastmc.com;LuxCraft
mccritz.com;McCrtiz
viperhcf.com;Anonymous
slimeblockpvp.xyz:26054;SlimeBlock PvP
104.218.100.77:25566;Blood and Iron
192.99.201.220:26460;Atec Gaming
electricplex.privatedns.org;Electricplex
158.69.127.149:41823;MY SERVER
37.187.154.73:25620;ReignCraft Network
mc.hazehollow.com;Hazehollow
108.170.17.74:53357;Tactical Pork
mcpwn.net;Pioneering Warfare Network 
timepvphub.mcpro.co;TimePvP
play.auramc.us;AuraMC Factions
IcePvP.g-s.nu:40076;IcePvP
swepro.mcpro.co;SwePro
5.135.37.237;FullSteel Minecraft Server
DungeonCraft.freemcip.xyz:25596;DungeonCraft
mdpvp.online;MinersDreamPvP
93.123.18.123;DangerCraft-BG
138.201.18.35:25631;CraftTime
Play.ducknetwork.net;Ducknetwork
UberNetwork.homenet.org;UberNetwork
168.1.74.16:35661;corrupted factions
198.20.102.107:25586;Lolindircraft
mc.realisticcombatgaming.net;rcg
overthrowgaming.serveminecraft.net;Overthrow Gaming Factions
168.1.74.16:35661;Corrupt Factions
jacoogamer.cloudapp.net;Zev3x
play.zironenetwork.com;ZironeNetwork
awesomesv.mine.gg;AwesomeSV
perfect-prison.com;Perfect Prison
solstice.serv.nu;Solstice Skyblock
zolo.myserver.gs;ZoloCraft
Survivalrekt.serv.nu;YouCochia
FunSurvival.myserver.gs;FunSurvival
46.4.76.233:25580;fun time servial
play.emeraldcraftmc.net;EmeraldCraft BETA
wizardcraft.mc-server.net;LOL Craft Network
184.154.16.178:38860;VoidMC
newthugz.on.vg;NewThugz
164.132.199.227;Angel.GamingZone.Ro
AdvancedMc.Crafted.Pro;AdvancedMc
server.frokmo.de;Frokmo - Dein Wirtschaftsserver
redemption.mcserver.ws;Redemption
jinxnet.anvil.pw;Jinx Network
Play.OrenNetwork.com;Oren Network | Towny | Brand new
mc.soapcraft.net:25571;Soapcraft
167.114.78.130;Shadow13KPs YouTube Server
vikingspvp.cubed.pro;VikingsPvP
cybermc.xinsh.eu;CyberKraft
deadliestfactions.ddns.net;Deadliest Faction
EXOSB.ORG;Exo Games
192.95.29.102:26149;MiningRealm
SwiftSB.Net;SwiftSkyBlock
play.yogscraft.net;Yogscraft
108.170.8.146:35747;DynamicPVP Staff Needed
mcserversbg.com;McServersBG
factionnoob.ddns.net;FactionNoob
mc.demonsdimensions.top;DemonDimensions
Play.DesimatedPVP.com;DesimatedPvp - Network
192.99.46.97:28304;Hysteria Desperate for staff
skylandmc.xyz;SkyLand-Survival/Plots
play.rebornpvp.co.uk:26002;RebornPvP
167.114.118.143:25602;Ander Craft
mc.minebox.es;MineBox
grovenetwork.us;PandaMc 
play.uprisemc.net;UpriseMC
Play.barneycraft.org;BarneyCraft
helix-pvp.noip.me;HelixPvP
rainbowmcbae.mcph.co:38036;Rainbow Monkey Craft
uplay.mcph.co;Uplay Network
69.175.55.201;LumberCraft
Silverclaws.server-minecraft.pro;Acewaters5
168.1.74.11:39666;shattered craft
2plycraft.us.to;2Ply Craft
158.69.226.16:25581;VortexNetwork
sm18.serverminer.com:25566;Halo Craft
battleland.hostgamebr.com;BattleLand
162.223.8.114;NovaCraftHD
Havik.us.to;Havik
wepvp.tk:25711;Wepvp
survivalboss.ez.lv:9789;Survival Bosses
minecow.net;MineCow Games
spacefaction.mcraft.pro;SpaceFactions
play.ultimatenetwork.nl;PartyCraftNetwork
ozzyfactionsv2.mcserver.ws;Ozzy Factions
omegarage.us.to:49218;OmegaRage (Need Staff)
85.114.128.18:26268;Assyria Skyblock
208.73.21.138:25598;CryptoPvP
ms11.hicoria.com:29240;ComCraft
Duckmc.net;DuckMC
shadowclangaming.spartanhost.net;shadowclangaming
ellydria.beastmc.com:25586;Ellydria
37.187.153.39:31039;FortuneCraft
undergroundbrasil.xyz;Underground
undergroundbrasil.xyz;Underground
37.59.10.46:25587;DestinyNetwork
hypixel.net;netmon
hypixel.net;netmon
SpectralMC.cloudapp.net;SpectralMC
CrypticMc.mcpro.eu;CrypticMC
SuomiRaid.Net:28309;SuomiRaid
158.69.225.12:25755;WorldCrafters
ShadowwMC.mygs.co;ShadowwMC
unitycompany.mygs.co;UnityCompany
mc.forbiddenrealmsmc.com;ForbiddenRealms
s16.hosthorde.com:26239;Ethelian Craft
99.153.163.3;PooterGaming
s17.minespan.com:26516;DojeCraft
159.8.141.202:38230;Medieval Epidemic
Play.minespark.us:25696;MineSpark
s16.hosthorde.com:26239;EthelianCraft
play.unifyprison.com;UnifyMC
178.20.229.40;SpartacusCraft.Batihost.Com 
198.143.154.119;Defiantfactions
198.27.81.191:25588;Elite Kit PVP
mcpro.serv.nu;ImADerpGamer
mc.zaiynetwork.com;ZaiyNetwork
192.99.179.201;SimpleFactions
mc.yperite.com;YPER1TE
UniversalCraft.apexmc1.co:25975;Universal Craft
lightningstrike.mcph.co;LightningStrike
play.craftingnetwork.mcserver.ws;CraftingNetwork
s9.hosthorde.com:26070;explorers minecraft
sexycraft.net;sexycraft
FizzPvP.mcpro.co;FizzPvP
darwinismcraft.mcph.co;Darwinismcraft
Starverse.beastmc.com;Starverse 
kohi.us;Anonymous
158.85.69.138:36800;Ruby Club
158.69.226.219:40044;Heroes Network
LexaCraft2.org;LexaCraft2 // Hub & Awesome Staffs
HerpNetwork.mygs.co;Herp Network SkyWars
craft1.ni-craft.fr:25634;MatrixPvP
elementalrealm.mcserver.ws;Elemental Realm
149.202.92.165:41049;Facurvival
OpNaze.cubed.pro;OpNaze
wearemc.net;OfficialWeAreMC
AdapthifyCraft.dmch.nl;AdapthifyCraft
CityCraft.mine.nu;CityCraft
93.123.18.28:26675;SecCraft
5.200.23.188:25995;CyberPvP
149.202.92.166:40450;FlatPvp
138.201.31.152:25574;Cavecraft Dansk DK
atomicMC.mymc.io;AtomicPVP
158.85.69.138:36800;Ruby Club
adobefactions.mcpro.co;AdobeFactions
mc.scarcraft.me;ScarCraft
93.123.18.118;Academy-PvP
pc.pigraid.com;PigRaid PC
s10.hosthorde.com:26062;Darkredemption
192.99.148.39:25840;Need staff badly
fadeawayfactions.net;FadeAway Factions
heavy.craft.gg:13132;HeavyCraft
vendettapvp.org;VendettaPvP
51.254.24.14;Fireland
themcawesomescraft.mcpro.eu:43624;TheMcAwesomesCraft
37.187.133.216:28765;TheHaunted
185.38.148.77:25594;Sacrificial Gamers
hub.Leafynetwork.com;Leafynetwork
therealdeal.no-ip.org;TheRealDeal Survival
198.50.183.251;DerpCraft
play.proviznetwork.com;Proviz Network
PTCraftPT.serv.nu;PTCraftPT
vfnetwork.hosthavoc.com;Valourian Fable Network
192.99.21.121:28676;CraftMeIn
galaxyfactions.serv.nu;Galaxy
158.69.124.35:40161;AssassinCraft
xonnetwork.xyz;XonNetwork
173.236.100.218;ElServerSurvival
mostlyknown.mcph.co;Mostly Known
TntAdv.mchost.pro;Tnt Adventures
EvolvedMC.net;EvolvedMC
MC.gfdcommunity.org;GFD
RedIce.mcraft.pro;Red ice Factions
play.foodpvp.com:25680;FoodPVP
159.8.141.202:57394;QuiverNetwork - Skyblock
mc50.vgmc.us:25996;SkipperCraft
104.207.142.175:10180;Ways2Game.com
play.delta-galaxy.info;Delta-Galaxy
198.27.83.141:27948;BeaconNetwork
mc.oblicom.net;Oblicom
FizzPvP.mcpro.co;FizzPvP
FizzPvP.mcpro.co;FizzPvP
FizzPvP.mcpro.co;FizzPvP
FizzPvP.mcpro.co;FizzPvP
pvp.vanillalegacy.com;Vanilla Legacy
167.114.102.222:25636;EnduranceNetwork
ozgmc.net;OzGames
Voidfactions.org;VoidFactions
123.100.142.90;Xonic Gaming
164.132.27.64;VampireCraft 
vanilla.sthgaming.com;STH Gaming Vanilla Icecream
play.codexmc.net;CodexMC
play.vexuh.com;Vexuh Realms
37.59.144.210;BallistaCraft
LethalPvP.serv.nu;LethalPvP
mc-piggypigzpvp.serv.nu;PiggyPigzPvP
142.4.218.51:48980;ObsidianTechMC
classic.zetacraft.ru;ZetaCraft Classic
Epsilocraft.g-s.nu;EpsiloCraft
ultrix.gaming.bz:25575;Ultrix Gaming Community
5.255.85.216:25980;EnderCraft
Sinister-Warriors.g-s.nu;Sinister Warriors
SnowyCraftMC.myserver.gs;SnowyCraftMC
RedIce.mcraft.pro;Red ice Factions
play.pumpkincraft.online;Pumpkin Craft
MySteryCraft.crafted.pro;MySteryCraft
62.210.62.194:10406;InstaCraft
s14.minespan.com:26705;Staff Factionz
167.114.102.205:25883;The Lord of the Rings MC
mc.bitepvp.com;Bitepvp lobby
37.59.137.65:25873;Blockville
192.99.47.154:26143;GearboxPvP
192.99.21.121:28652;MysticalCraft- NeedStaff 
mc.g-craft.site;G-Craft
play.smilercraft.uk:30086;SmilerCraft
185.56.136.58:25593;Ezland
mc.urbansb.com;Urban Skyblock
192.99.161.57:27269;Mythical Legends
158.69.116.80:40500;ZomgFactions
itsrlv.mcph.co;BottomzCraft
st.g-s.nu;Sorcerertech Survival Server
VortexKitPvp.Fluctis.Com;VortexKitPvp
hypefactions.myserver.gs;Hype Factions
Blockify.mcph.co;Blockify
Blockify.mcph.co;Blockify
s14.hosthorde.com:25815;Legocraft
droidpvp.crafted.pro;DroidPvP
159.8.141.202:45653;Blockify
159.8.141.202:45653;Blockify
brophyminecraft.xyz;BroncoCraft
dartcraft.dynu.com;DartCraft
xavtious.no-ip.net;Xavtious
MCNET.serv.nu:41193;MCNET
dvscraft.hosthorde.net;DVS Craft Suvival
WeldCraft.joinmc.eu:25648;WeldCraft
RoyalFactions.com;RoyalFactions
185.38.148.175:25593;The Experiment
192.99.21.121:28652;MysticalCraft
69.30.211.42:25573;Kewl Factions 2.0
xonnetwork.us.to;XonNetwork
45.35.171.130:25718;exoduscraft
198.50.234.46;JynxCraft (Pixelmon)
MCElysium.site;MCElysium
167.114.173.91:38091;Six God Gaming
167.114.1.144:25748;VexileFFA
167.114.1.144:25748;VexileFFA
167.114.1.144:25748;VexileFFA
167.114.1.144:25748;VexileFFA
167.114.1.144:25748;VexileFFA
DragonsDen.myserver.gs;Dragons Den
104.197.69.50;TheIntelMC Factions
mc.sharpshootersgaming.com;SharpShooters Gaming
play.odysseypvp.us:25586;OdysseyPvP OpFactions
RockyOPNetwork.mcph.co:46009;RockyOPNetwork
45.35.62.114:25755;Ezcha | KitPvP
lgdc.mcph.co;LegendaryCraft
UGC.mygs.co;UndeadGamingCentral
mc.violentcraft.net;Violentcraft
lol.rip.money;PvP Nation
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
192.99.36.113:26654;EjkCraft
104.36.86.116:25578;Madoka Magica Roleplay Server
69.30.211.42:25580;Piston Factions
WoolNetwork.minecraft-crafting.pro;WoolNetwork 24 7 Factions Survival
dazecraft.mcph.eu;DazeCraft
TheWild.mc-server.net;The WildMC Network
s11.hosthorde.com:26429;Medieval PVP
192.95.30.131:27200;VitalMC
leviantfactions.com;LeviantFactions
149.56.39.132;BigBlocks
NyanCraftserver.ddns.net;NyanCraft SkyWars 24/7
Awesomenesss.myserver.gs;AwesomeCraft
s11.hosthorde.com:26438;Blind Appeal
108.61.96.92;RevisedNeon
37.59.69.73:27198;GoldenApple
mc.phantom-gamers.net;Phantom Gamers
seedcraftservern.tk;Seedcraft
5.196.81.52:26025;Faction server
88.150.171.65;CSWPC
88.150.171.65;CSWPC
play.BBCraft.net;BBCraft
37.187.134.28:28939;TriNetwork
maintopia.srvip.net:25876;MainCraft -MineTopia Server-
play.hayno.us;HaynoPrison
orepact.mcph.co;Ore Pact
games.hypertopia.srvip.net;Hypertopia (minetopia)
games.hypertopia.srvip.net;Hypertopia (minetopia)
games.hypertopia.srvip.net;Hypertopia (minetopia)
verdraxnetwork.mcph.co;VerdraxNetwork
188.165.148.226:22195;EagleCraft
mc.arespvp.com;AresPvP
158.69.204.237;ZareonCraft
DeathArena.myserver.gs;Death Arena PvP
5.255.85.214:26207;pixelblaster
gameboy.myserver.gs;gameboy
victorycraft.net;VictoryCraft.net
hcpvp.com;HcPvP | Raiding | Custom Enchants |
sparkgames.myserver.gs;SparkGames
158.69.127.149:41823;NarwhalCraft.com
LDCraft.minecraftbr.net:25588;LDCraft
ageofeden.com;AoE Network
199.187.127.138:25843;Ancient Factions
188.212.100.141;EnderLand - Official
oceaniccraft.hosthorde.net;Oceanic craft smp survival
play.Insane-Raids.Net;Insane Raids
184.154.34.104:25587;PhantomMc
xoticprison.mc-srv.com;XoTic Prison
188.165.198.106:27784;atronoscraft creative
sf.uk.to;Shadow Factions
play.nxtgenpvp.net;NxtGen Pixelmon
37.187.137.142:25599;EcoFactions
37.187.25.7:31022;TheCloud
mc.hostility.ru;HostilityMC | FactionsPvP
TheBeastlyMC.beastmc.com;BeastlyMC
Sponge.crafted.pro;Spongecraft
149.202.68.32:26160;TeamSurvival
falkcraft.mcph.co;Falk Craft
108.170.8.146:58925;AureaCraft Survival
f.mcallies.org;McAllies
RektMania.us.to;RektMania
37.59.69.73:27277;MonoPvP
45.35.63.66:25720;ElectroBit RPG Survival
cloud.zeroprox.xyz;ZeroProx
primal.mcpro.eu;PrimalNetowrk
kombinada.servegame.com;Kombinada Survival
LDMinecraft.hostgamebr.com;LDCraft Survivor
37.187.133.216:28025;CornCraft
167.114.157.17:25731;Fate of The Moon
123.100.142.90;Xonic Gaming
play.alpinerealm.net;AlpineRealm - Survival | Creative
167.114.64.93:25802;LeekEmpire
heartbreakpvp.org:26229;heartbreakpvp.org
Us.PlayOPGods.Net;OPGods
198.20.179.66:26097;Geek Games
s4.minespan.com:26600;ZoneCraft-Skyblock 
167.114.102.188:25656;TOPT Skyblock
s21.minespan.com:26421;Zeppline
hybridfactions.us:45014;HybridFactions
mineo-mania.nitrous.it;Mine OMania
chixplay.mcph.co;Chix Play
185.38.148.175:25570;DB Awakened
RisenPvP.Cubed.Pro;RisenPvP Factions PvP Raiding
s11.hosthorde.com:26422;Herpa Derp Factions
69.175.36.207:25585;CyberCraft
play.foodpvp.com:25680;FOODPVP
infinitylegends.dynu.com;Infinity Legends
crystalcraft.fadehost.com;Crystal Craft
wahoo-mc.asuscomm.com;Wahoo-MC
OuterCraft.mcph.co;OuterCraft
mc.mpgh.me;MPGH Network
chickenbox-mc.mcph.co;ChickenBox
Luckypvp.serv.nu:20439;LuckyPVP
SmashingBlocks.beastmc.com;Smashing Blocks MC
158.69.25.173:25991;Age of supremacy
play.Doritogaming.xyz;DoritoGaming
play.odysseypvp.us:25586;OdysseyPvP OpFactions
167.114.118.194:25950;MassiveMc
minesmurf.erki.net;MineSmurf
167.114.103.186;Oracle Prison
EpicCloudMC.com;EpicCloudMC
mc.arkanumcraft.com;ArkanumCraft
VeltumPvP.factions.ws;VeltumPvP
play.luminexmc.net;Luminex
LavaCraftHUB.serv.nu;LavaCraft
s5.minespan.com:26646;SurvivalGamesCentral
108.170.14.146;SyncNation
134.255.217.210:48521;RedSlime
82.208.17.35:27695;Ultra-Craft |CZ/SK|
192.99.1.109;Auset Factions
play.mytheria.net:30124;Mytheria / Skyblock / Factions
play.mytheria.net:30124;Mytheria Skyblock / Factions
play.mytheria.net:30124;Mytheria - Skyblock - Factions
armedmc.mcjoin.eu;ArmedMCServer
lilypadffa.eu;LilypadUHC 
185.38.149.35:25587;Cobblecraft
198.27.81.191:25610;PicklCraft
192.99.19.187:25866;NotTooClassy
play.NorthWood.top;Dansk NorthWood
192.151.150.194:25569;ShrooFactions
AllusionNetwork.pw;Allusion Network
play.parlamentum.co.il;ParlaGames
play.kingdompvp.playsrv.nl;kingdompvp
167.114.173.91:38073;Infinity Craft
maxcraftpvp.mc-server.net;MaxCraft
mc.fakecraft.net;FakeCraft
nations.fluctis.com:26625;Nations Creative No Plots
149.202.68.32:26154;The Wild
profactionsserver.us;pro factions server
193.84.64.30;Mc.Freakz.Ro
RedIce.mcraft.pro;Red ice Factions
rhinocraftserver.mcph.co:47616;RhinoCraft
5.10.110.103:32060;ShadowPrison
AtomicMC.mygs.co;AtomicMC
167.114.103.189:25575;Awakening craft
192.99.3.48:25571;Lunar Networks
hydrafactions.nitrous.it;HydraFactions
188.212.100.228;SensinityPvP
McBytes.xinsh.eu;McBytes
Hypecraft.serv.nu;Hypecraft
192.99.20.208:29481;DerxFactions
158.69.24.137:26530;Virtualnetwork
Historicalnetwork.mcpro.co;HistoricalNetwork
Historicalnetwork.mcpro.co;HistoricalNetwork
Historicalnetwork.mcpro.co;HistoricalNetwork
SnipeCraft.Serverminer.com;SnipeCraft
prison.factionhustlers.com;Faction hustlers
AcadienPvPs.cubed.pro;AcadienPvPs
Play-dc.us:27975;Diverse Craft
firedawn.xyz;FireDawn Network
f.mcallies.org;McAllies
167.114.102.175:25608;ClutchCraft
23.252.116.10:27569;StreetCraft
f.mcallies.org;McAllies
192.99.21.121:28664;ZaramaCraft
192.99.21.121:28664;ZaramaCraft
192.99.21.121:28664;ZaramaCraft
158.69.127.148:41729;MelonCraft
corpseymc.top;Corpseymc Factions KitPvP
unitedlegends.g-s.nu;United Legends
mc.voidmines.com;VoidMines
158.69.54.241:25618;Factions Factions Factions
69.30.211.42:25580;PistonVanilla
quiveruniverse.mcph.co:57934;QuiverNetwork - Skyblock
158.69.54.204:41213;HazzCraft
142.4.217.147:25667;HoboMC Hardcore PvP
69.175.27.69;AverageCraft
play.foodpvp.com:25680;FoodPVP
198.27.81.191:25573;EpicTurtlePvp
167.114.100.109:25566;AmberCraft
play.knightcraft.xyz;KnightCraft
mc.thegearmc.com;TheGearMC
play.smash.city;Smash City
RainCraft.mygs.co;RainCraft
prison.catalystpvp.com;Catalyst Prison
37.59.209.193:25953;NorVanilla
Viper-Mc.Net;ViperMc
PixelmonLegacy.net;Pixelmon Legacy
149.202.70.172:41379;FactionsGreek
trondercraft.mchost.no;Trondercraft
PvpGodzz.myserver.gs;PvpGodzz
kingdomsx.apexmc3.co:25830;KindomsX
mc12.boxtoplay.com:34195;pixelmonmania
sparkcentral.mcnode.net;Spark Central
play.planet-craft.net;Planetcraft
Legendarycraft.myserver.gs;Legendcraft
158.69.121.98:25578;Craft-Ville
46.101.242.47:25567;GeoCrafters
167.114.173.91:38043;GamingNetwork
5.255.85.214:25982;Survival Build NL
DoomPvP.factions.ws;DoomPvP
5.10.110.102:39696;MythicNetwork
WizardCraft.serv.nu:20255;Wizard Craft
DoomPvP.factions.ws;DoomPVP
GlitchCraftMC.mcph.co;GlitchCraft
play.aspirenetwork.tk;Aspire Network
KewlCraft.mchost.pro;KewlCraft
Maor.myserver.gs;Funcrafter
mat.ftb.host;vanilla survival
167.114.173.91:38073;Infinity Craft
FactionMach.mchost.pro;FactionMachine
Us.PlayOPGods.Net;OPGods OP-Prison
OPGods.Zapto.Org;OPGods OP-Prison
OPGods.Zapto.Org;OPGods OP-Prison
limecraft.nitrous.it;LimeCraft
sabermc.ddns.net;SaberMC -Mob Classes-Tactics-Abilities
167.114.102.199:25636;OriginalityPvP
167.114.65.184;MunchyFactions
McDutchKingdom.dmch.nl:25595;McDutchKingdom
mc.destructionpvp.com;DestructionPvP
159.8.141.202:45653;Blockify
159.8.141.202:45653;Blockify
159.8.141.202:45653;Blockify
LudenCraft.Com;LudenCraft | WE in Creative | Survival..
PhoenixFactions.serv.nu;PhoenixFactions
NitroNetwork.net;NitroNetwork
blocktopia.minecraftnoob.com:25729;BlockTopia
play.fluxpvp.net;FluxPvP
brandenfandel.myserver.gs;BrandenFandel Server
CocoCraftisLife.mcpro.co;CocoCraft
172.106.11.226:25567;op prison with guards forever prison
kiugetski.com;kiugetski
192.95.15.225;TrippyKraft
198.20.111.167:25586;YetiRaids
minimin-topia.myserver.gs;minetopia
sn0wy1.beastmc.com:25586;Looking For staffs
sn0wy1.beastmc.com:25586;GaryTheMagician
carrotville.ddns.net;Carrot Ville
play.ultracraft.nl;UltraCraft
s9.minespan.com:25662;Pr0Craft - Muchcraft V 
mc.slimefarm.epicgamer.org;The Slime Farm
OvaNetwork.com;OvaNetwork
5.255.70.69:25877;Kingdom of Calron
vatrixcraft.no-ip.org;Vatrix Craft
Dreamcraft.mightymc.com;DreamCraft
titanstorms.com;Titanstorms Vanilla
lazarusmc.mcs4.me;LazarusMc Survival
37.187.137.142:25639;Hybrid Network
adventurecraft.de;Adventurecraft
Play.MagnificentMc.com;MagnificentMc
aztec.mcverse.net;LoL is Cancer - Whitelisted
Omega-kingdom.mcpro.co;OmegaKingdom
eclipse-factions.com;Eclipse Faction
eclipsefactions.com;Eclipse Factions
realitycraft.g-s.nu;RealityCraft
hypedphoto.com;Primecraft Island Kingdom
198.27.99.49;SaberMC Abilities Mob classes Tactics
vertexpvp.beastmc.com:25585;VertexPvP
mc.poctelcraft.es;PoctelCraft
45.35.62.114:25902;Vexil
opskycraft.mygs.co;OPSkycraft
play.daggermc.co;DaggerMC
play.blazedpvp.net;BlazedPvP
play.remixpvp.com;RemixPvP| Factions| Prisons| Skyblock
Mc.phasecraft.org;PhaseCraft
server.multiplexpvp.net;MultiplexPvP
188.165.148.226:22195;EagleCraft
minecraft.teamavengers.org;Team Avengers Survival MC
212.84.160.56:25579;Cakes CribCraft
play.fizzplex.net;Fizzplex Network
infamouscraft.mcph.co;InfamousCraft
Mochacraft.mcpro.co;Mocha craft
mc.phantomp.info:25571;Potential 
play.remixpvp.com;RemixPvP| Factions| Prisons| Skyblock
kingdomskies.mygs.co;KingdomSkies
173.208.222.179:25584;Logiverse
primal.mcpro.eu;Primal Network
107.6.137.174:25585;TiltCraft
shawn12ugaming.no-ip.org:25564;Shawn12uGaming
microchip.us.to;Micro Chip
136.243.172.91:25580;MegaBuild
162.248.91.148;Praise the Sun
198.24.163.106:39568;Wolf Gaming
geothermic.mcph.co;Geothermic
idcraft.org;IDCraft
s17.minespan.com:26463;Your-Name
SurvivalFactions.g-s.nu;Survivalfactions
litw.crazycrafters.de:25541;CrazyCrafters Life in the Woods
junglecentral.serv.nu;Jungle Central
149.202.68.32:26159;magmaskyblock
play.paladiummc.co;PaladiumMC
192.99.46.97:28304;Hysteria Desperate for staff
eco.psg.srvip.net:25879;PSG Economy Survival
MegaRealms.cubed.pro;Mega Realms
meertopia.serv.nu;meertopia
betacenter.xyz;BetaCenter Says Offline but its Online 
164.132.159.220:8945;EuskalCraft
play.thelodgemc.net;TheLodgemc
play.thelodgemc.net;TheLodgemc
NebulaPvP.Cubed.Pro;Nebula PvP
SlimeyCraft.myserver.gs:41911;SlimeyCraft
pvp.minestash.com;Minestash
167.114.118.139:25814;ZuCorp.net - FTB Infinity Evolved
212.224.74.110;NeonSkys.net
Play.PrismicMC.net;PrismicMC - PvP Sg 1v1 Ffa
66.85.165.170:58407;TheCrazySwimmer_
73.14.207.65;Jaskan
theflow.fadehost.com:27257;TheFlow Network
phoenixnetwork.nitrous.it;Phoenix
149.202.65.161:25582;DinVerden - TidsRejsen
capiroto.hostgamebr.com;Capiroto PvP
chickengames.g-s.nu;ChickenGames NetWork
198.27.65.166;TangoFactions
209.133.209.163:26396;CosmosMC
Upn.Website;UltraPrimeNetwork
play.umcr.dk:25731;Ultimate MineCraft Reloaded
46.105.162.119;PickaCraft
f.mcallies.org;McAllies
192.99.201.220:26460;Atec
s8.hosthorde.com:26250;RyverPvP
167.114.118.218:25597;ArmonaFactions
s17.minespan.com:26463;The Your Name Server
s12.hosthorde.com:25990;FrostLegacy
quiveruniverse.mcnh.co;QuiverUniverse
167.114.118.214:25577;Chopcraft
play.perplexpvp.com:55617;PerplexPvP
s9.minespan.com:26511;UberFactions
betacenter.xyz;BetaCenter
Icepvp.g-s.nu;Ice PvP Factions
s4.hosthorde.com:26325;Lexard Server
AtomicCraft.beastmc.com;Atomic Craft
bcraft.zapto.org;bcraft
nagacraft.mcserver.ws;NagaCraft Survival Server 
shadyrealms.mcph.co;Shady Realms
Play.TitanQuest.co;TitanQuest
guncraft.mcserver.ws;GunCraft
chaosartonline.mcph.co:33500;ChaosArtOnline
167.114.48.204;CityLyfe
AuraPvP.crafted.pro;AuraPvP
54.201.237.51;SunshineCraft
wafflebytes.com;WaffleBytes
mc.cjservers.net:25567;cj89898s Prison Server
unitycrafters.net;UnityCrafters
mc.legionfights.com;LegionFIghts
217.147.90.204;ShadowCraft
05IQ.com;05IQServer
176.31.106.157:27680;Maccronaldo_MC
play.roleplay.chat;mcRPC
167.114.65.184:25621;Tentacle Craft
109.121.181.40;UltimatePVP
159.8.141.199:31030;UraniumOre
prison.mysticnetwork.uk;MysticPrison
149.202.92.161:41862;Marfia-Prison
FunTopia.serv.nu;funtopia
185.121.25.118;GhostPvP Network
rapidcraft.ddns.net;RapidCraft Network
TribalFacs.serv.nu;TribalFacs // Factions and more
167.114.43.178;EyaslunaCraft
5.255.85.199:25960;Cubed
SpencersNetwork.ApexMC2.Co;SpenceNetwork
s8.minespan.com:26418;DirectConnection
vatrixcraft.no-ip.org;VatrixCraft
mc.fakecraft.net;Fakecraft Network
mc.ageofcraft.net;AgeOfCraft
Play.MineTrex.nl;MineTrex
play.mineplus.net;Mineplus PVP
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;just survival (no lag)
51.175.215.167;NorskMC
snul.net;snul
play.hyperbeam.pw;HyperBeam Network
185.114.156.207:25681;TimmaPrison
orange-craft.net:25613;Orange-Craft
mc.sky-block.net;zapraszam na skyblock
185.38.148.33:25569;Aurelion Factions
pjurp.mcworlds.pro:26740;Percy Jackson Universe RP
swegcraft.win:25827;SwegCraft
162.223.9.43;MarineMC OG Factions
192.99.5.198:26289;MineFactions
192.99.5.198:26289;MineFactions
80.0.108.44;Bloodlust Factions
play.mc-worldscape.org;WorldScape
lawsonmc.servegame.com:25800;Lawson PiCraft Server
Play.MarvelUniversity.Es;Marvel University
play.minevault.net;MineVault
farmcraftus.mcph.co;FarmCraft US
play.enderpeace.com;EnderPeace
167.114.1.218:25625;EnderSkyblock
Bloeckchengamer.serv.nu;BloeckchenServer
Play.SouthCraftSv.Es;SouthCraft
play.maestream.xyz;Maestream Survival
198.154.110.35;LoyalCraft
192.99.21.111:25631;lynxy-craft
peppermintcraft.mcpro.co;PeppermintCraft KitPvP
198.27.81.182:25734;ExelNetwork
TreasonMC.crafted.pro;TreasonMC
ForestCraft.mygs.co;Need Safff Need Devs
skylanddreams.mcph.co;Skyland Dreams
sillysurvival.myserver.gs;Silly Survival
167.114.209.94:25761;Survival Smak
198.27.81.191:25615;Epic Dimensions
mc.evolutionpvp.net;EvolutionPvP
prisonpvp.us;Prisonpvp
shadowkillers.on.vg;ShadowKIllers
192.99.47.146:41573;AspectCraft (need staff)
ultracraft-network.beastmc.com:25585;UltraCraft Super Op Prison
play.reego.org;ReegoCraft Op Prison
193.192.59.231:25588;FlamingZ
SurvivalRekt.serv.nu;SurvivalRekt
mcworldempire.mcserver.ws;MCWorldEmpire
play.legendary.hu;LegendaryMC
nano-networks.mcnh.co:25808;Nano-Networks
SimplyCrafty.serv.nu;SimplyCrafty // Survival // Need Staff
SimplyCrafty.serv.nu;SimplyCrafty // Survival // Need Staff
qwertycrew.mygs.co;qwertyCrew
51.254.181.157;RiipPvP
192.228.106.7:25614;syrinity-vanilla
45.35.95.217:25622;DiamondBucket
alpha.kaashosting.nl:25685;PraatMaat
XHostSky.Com:10600;XHostSky
DrBruinbeer.serv.nu;Minetopia
149.202.92.237:40185;Castle craft
viperhcf.com;oaoaoao
mc.sweprox.com;Minecraft
mc.viperhcf.com;a99a9a9
moramora.sytes.net;moramora
37.187.73.200:26480;roleplay server
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;just survival (no lag)
mc.purplepvp.org;Purple PvP
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
51.254.181.157;RiipPvp
mc.skyfallmc.com;Skyfall Minecraft
ultracraft-network.beastmc.com:25585;Ultra Craft OP Prison
ogapsurvival.mcph.eu;OGAP-Survival
prisonpvp.mcph.co:26457;PrisonPvP
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
Infinate.myserver.gs;Infinate
51.254.27.114:25567;QrazyHoster
51.254.27.114:25567;QrazyHoster
sterbyIslands.mygs.co:40945;Sterby Islands - Owner Sterby 
158.85.102.106:47774;OverWorld Factions
play.outlawkingdoms.xyz;Outlaw Kingdoms
192.99.160.121:25881;MineSwift
minecraft.itrabbithole.com;TheRabbitHole
37.187.148.149:27202;SkyPax
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
play.kingdomofunicorns.com;Unicorn Kingdom
web.Golde.org:3020;AtlasMC
OPGods.Zapto.Org;OPGods OP-Prison
s13.minespan.com:26787;Pixel Sanctuary Gaming (PSG)
KrazyFactions.beastmc.com;KrazySemi-OPfactions
149.202.83.45:41086;Wolf Factions - Staff positions open
192.99.20.81:25682;Zen Survival World
mc.revolutionmc.co:25587;RevoltionMC
24.32.212.197:25212;Holy Dragon
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
167.114.1.218:25631;New Era
184.154.16.178:25722;GlowVille
s8.minespan.com:26465;SeriousSurvival
AcadienPvPs.cubed.pro;AcadienPvPs
184.154.16.178:25722;GlowVille
infinitylegends.dynu.com;Infinity Legends
hub.aeriaservers.com;AeriaCraft Hub
162.244.167.41:35304;Vanilla Cream - Pure vanilla server
play.gladiusmc.com;GladiusMc | Towny | Mcmmo
198.27.81.191:25617;FactionSMP
Survivalfactions.g-s.nu;SurvivalFactions
108.170.22.58:46331;TheGamersRealm
WhatTheCraft.goo.vg;WhatTheCraft
VanSCreative.mygs.co;VanSCreative
167.114.174.73:25942;Ownage Host
Pooncraft.serv.nu:41250;PoonCraft
play.orion-mc.net;OrionMC
198.50.207.69;Destruction And Despair
Surbukkit.g-s.nu;Surbukkit
Play-RentPvP.Serv.nu;RentPvP
Titaniclion.myserver.gs;Factions Pvp
letsurvive.biz.tm;letsurvive
Unitedcraft.myserver.gs;UnitedCraft Factions 24/7
192.99.20.208:29507;Platinum Prison
193.111.140.155:26456;MilkPvP
Survivalfactions.g-s.nu;SurvivalFactions
51.255.96.230;ZehLand
mineplay.sessions.me:25861;CoPlay // Family friendly
Nusty.mcph.eu:33536;Nusty
185.38.148.43:25586;PixelApple
jacoogamer.cloudapp.net;jacoogamer
93.123.18.116:26565;EPS-CRAFT
jekin.asuscomm.com;Demon Craft
teams.playsrv.nl:26030;PvPTeams
162.244.165.141:56860;Firecraft need dat help
108.170.6.138:37533;OhanaMC
Maximized.mcpro.co;MaximizedMC
Jello.myserver.gs:40725;JelloMc
167.114.5.226;Esquire Factions
theoplays.myserver.gs;TheoPlays Server
minehost93.host-unlimited.de:28960;MineCry.de
play.minesiege.org;MineSiege
jaxeys.mcserver.ws;bendingbomb
poppymon.serv.nu:20642;Poppymon
192.99.46.97:28409;SSG SMP
162.244.164.71:28066;Wolf Craft
Dragon.serv.nu;TheDragonServ
76.72.172.243:25823;BearCrafting
51.254.49.222;RebirthxSavage
158.85.69.136:50821;GreenGem
stormnetwork.fluctis.com:25609;Storm Network
192.99.21.111:25682;MakiaNetwork
Minetopia13.serv.nu;Minetopia 13
hub.leafynetwork.com;Leafy Network
142.4.217.148:25569;Titanium Universe
cvc-server.serv.nu;CvC Server
37.97.169.113;Trinity Factions
192.99.9.160:27889;Resurgence PvP 
greengem.mcph.co;greengem
185.56.136.58:31167;Derponia
play.rainforestcraft.us;RainForestCraft
mc.mineland.net;Mineland SkyBlock
167.114.102.175:25639;Russian Warfare
Play.ExoticPVP.us;ExoticPVP
s2.minespan.com:26524;Icecowgames
prison.oblivion-pvp.net;OblivionPvP Prison
mc.anarchynetwork.net;Anarchy Network
mc.redvix.ru;REDVIX
s17.minespan.com:26516;Dojecraft Factions
62.210.167.127:25580;Cryptic Prison
blastedpvpmc.mcph.co;BlastedPvP
play.corruptfacs.com;CorruptFacs
mc.uabgaming.com;UaBGaming
TigerCage.OfficialMCMS.net:25566;TigerCageMC
s11.hosthorde.com:26418;Server Of Kiwis
cdn4.briskdata.com;AlCraft
HartCraft.mcpro.co;HartCraft
play.skeletoncraft.tk:25587;SkeletonCraft
mc.titansvalley.com;Titans Valley
Play.PhalanxPvp.Net;PhalanxPvp
Eliitenetwork.com;EliiteNetwork
ortobefactions.beastmc.com;Ortobe Factions
play.skilledpvp.net:26412;Play.skilledpvp.net
s1.hosthorde.com:26411;The Havoc Dimension
Dreamcraft.mightymc.com;DreamCraft
server.mattscpps.us;Matts CPPS
thornblade.serv.nu;ThornBlade
173.236.104.12:25586;MCbuild
lizard-factions.mcph.co;liazrd-factions
164.132.157.1;sneakycrafters
23.254.0.170:25583;ForceCraft Rpg
MineTwister.mcpro.co;McTwisterNetwork
mc.kgb-minecraft.info;KGB Minecraft
simplycrafty.serv.nu;Simple Craft
2fast4u.club;2Fast4U Network
dinastycraft.server-minecraft.pro;DinastyCraft
158.69.117.125:40697;BITTERcraft
comtop.uk.to:62215;COMTOPs survival
infinitynetwork.serv.nu;InfinityNetwork
151.80.109.138:25580;www.ohacks.com minecraft click
play.thuglifept.net;Thug Life PT
158.69.117.129:25706;VividHCF
ThunderCraft.myserver.gs;ThunderCraft
149.56.39.132;Fallen Hope
mc.minestorm.es;Minestorm Network
149.202.83.45:40582;BalkanExtream
play.ektarwolf.com:28021;EktarWolf
Starverse.beastmc.com;Starverse
LoopCraft.mygs.co;Loop Craft
mn.beastmc.com:25586;Mist Networks
51.254.27.114:25567;QrazyHoster
198.24.171.34:60457;YiangCraft
98.29.69.30;Alienware The Server
Viper-Mc.Net;ImperialPvP
Imperialpvp.xyz;ImperialPvP
185.38.148.96:25573;TetraVServers(Medieval Times)
Astronetworkmc.mcph.co;AstroNetwork
198.27.69.163:27175;KingdomCraft
198.27.81.191:25621;ToastEmpire Need Staff
82.196.16.41;DK WasteGaming
micrahub.com;Micrahub
play.qrazyhoster.com:25567;QrazyHoster
MCElysium.site;MCElysium
s9.minespan.com:25662;Pr0Craft
CifraCraft.myserver.gs;CifraCraft
144.76.59.67:25624;BobberCraft
45.35.66.216:25637;Feathered Network
Monumental.mcph.co;Monumental Factions
Threlkeldpvp.cubed.pro;Threlkeldpvp
smp.hometownmc.com;Hometown
RoyalFactions.mcpro.eu;RoyalFactions
162.244.167.41:61834;Antonica
KuanCraft.serv.nu;KuanCraft
senpaicraftpls.mcph.co;SenpaiCraftPls
yukia.mcpro.co;World of Yukia
PlayTowny.com;PlayTowny
PlayTowny.com;PlayTowny
PlayTowny.com;PlayTowny
PlayTowny.com;PlayTowny
NathCraft.Serv.Nu;NathCraft
pixlnet.mc-server.net;PiXL Network
158.69.121.155:25575;CarbonMC
46.174.49.34:25672;AzovCity
rubixpvp.no-ip.info:25671;RubixPvP
108.170.23.98:63337;SwordCraft
s1.hosthorde.com:26345;TheGalaxyMC
174.138.171.122:32249;BananaHutPvP
69.175.89.122:35411;Spartan 300
VortexPVP.serv.nu;VortexPVP OP Factions
23.95.34.136;Jinx Craft
158.69.54.241:25665;RallCraft
198.24.169.74:61633;IgnusCraft
MLGserver.beastmc.com;MLG Network
giafilms.craft.gg;GiaFilms
play.evercraft.cc;Evercraft
primitivenetwork.net;Primitive Network
sasha.sector-alpha.net:25567;Sector Alpha
158.69.26.30:25583;Rook Gaming
play.zfriendsmc.com;zFriendsMC
minecraftea.no-ip.info;redstonea
45.35.11.194:25938;The Meme Team Looking for Builders
play.lemonation.net;LemonNation
hub.vadalus.com;Vadalus Network
158.69.26.30:25593;Septic Factions
TigerShark.crafted.pro;TigerShark MC
184.154.34.119;Terra Factions Play.terrafactions.net
s10.hosthorde.com:25616;Skyward
mineword.mcpro.eu;MineWord
pvp.pyrofactions.com;Pyro Factions
mc.virtualcraft.us;VirtualCraft
s11.minespan.com:26538;AragonPVP
ult.redstone-rebooted.com:25569;Redstone-Rebooted FTB Ultimate
CronicCraft.crafted.pro;CronicCraft
icepvp.g-s.nu;IcePvp Factions
vill.swnetwork.xyz;SwiftWolfNetwork | Village Craft
kitpvpcentral.us.to:26048;KitpvpCentral
199.15.254.122:25587;ActualCraft
s9.minespan.com:26511;VertexPVP
get9.tk;Minecraft YKT
198.20.127.229:25586;Skycraft
new.enchantymc.net;EnchantyMC
baconbandit.dk;BaconBanditten
AnotherCraft.mygs.co:41538;AnotherCraft
119.81.65.243:44642;Sanity Craft
37.228.137.74;SkyPro
Zenicraft.mcph.eu;ZeniCraft
InspirePvP.net;InspirePvP
goldenprisonnetwork.mcserver.ws;Golden network
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;just survival Factions/MCMMO
winterholdorigins.mcserver.ws;Winterhold Origins
survival-nation.mooo.com;Survival Nation
hubofficialspoodermc.mcph.co:54282;Official SpooderMc
69.175.57.27;Spartan
Nanakicraft.strangled.net:25665;NanakiCraft
play.hdkpvp.us;HDKPvP
45.59.112.2:26010;EnderCrack
209.133.209.253:26446;HighHub
DragonsBreath.g-s.nu;DragonsBreath
ImmortalPvPMC.mcph.co;ImmortalPvP
217.79.182.206:27514;yet another survival server 
cobblepvp.net;CobblePvP
185.114.156.163:54450;CarrotTopia Sg
Play.Vector-Prison.com;Vector-Prison
167.114.159.141:25578;Lividia Factions
s14.hosthorde.com:25839;pvOS
sarkillergames.myserver.gs;sarkillergames
mc.infinitypvp.net;Infinity-Factions
LionPvP.mc-server.net;LionPvP | OPPrison & Kitpvp
45.35.95.9:25569;Vernalized
swordmc.net;Rysen RPG
play.duffcraft.net;DuffCraft A blast from the past
lemonpvp.nn.pe;LemonPvP
Elitehorizons.mc-dns.net;Elite horizons
play.artpvp.fr;ArtPvP V1
play.witherxcraft.net;Wither Craft
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;just survival (no lag)
play.thelodgemc.net;TheLodgemc
198.27.80.71:26803;BlockWorld
172.245.60.104;Minecraft Survival
185.38.148.33:25569;Aurelions Factions
minecraft4ecs.noip.me;Minecraft4ECS
149.202.92.161:40116;RevivedMC
play.aquariuspixel.com;Aquarius Pixel
mc.lutorlandia.net;Lutorlandia Network
justsurvival.mcjoin.eu;just survival (no lag)
167.114.156.206:25974;MadGuys - Skyblock
play.arkmc.us;ArkMC
play.arkmc.us;ArkMC
37.187.175.190:32148;TheVortex
MLGserver.beastmc.com;MLG servers
play.atlantisfactions.xyz;AtlantisFactions
chroniccrafters.mcph.co;ChronicCrafters
149.202.70.151:25606;Dixxiecraft
play.arkmc.us;ArcMC - Need Staff
WAG-MC.de;WAG-MC.DE
184.154.29.14:25586;Dungeons
193.111.140.225:26529;minetopia
play.famouspvp.ml;FamousPvP
eclipse-factions.com;Eclipse Factions
158.69.54.241:25675;SurvivalTastic
play.arkmc.us;ArcMC - Need Staff
play.arkmc.us;ArcMC - Need Staff
ccmc.crafted.pro;Jungle Realm
play.mc-wolfpack.com;WolfPack
PoisonusCraft.serv.nu:40428;PoisonusCraft
mc.falskaar.com;Falskaar
FernNet.mcph.co;Fern Net      Looking For Staff
play.arkmc.us;ArkMC - Need Staf
s3.minespan.com:26515;StarterHCF
ragerealm.ddns.net;Rage Realm
play.enderskies.us;EnderSkies
37.187.25.7:31064;aqua pvp(looking for staff)
174.138.171.122:32249;PretzelCraft
mc50.vgmc.us:26423;Survival Central
167.114.119.230:25572;Servidor NoobCraft
play.exterva.net;Exterva Factions
mc.tacoland.es;Chevere
s13.hosthorde.com:25847;Suncrest Factions
192.99.38.21:25588;Empathy Factions
MineOPsFactions.serv.nu;MineOPFactions
mc.repulsive-empire.com:27500;Repulsive-Empire
powell.serveminecraft.net;Powell
s8.minespan.com:26418;Direct Connection
play.legacy-realms.com;Legacy Realms | Official Skyblock
minewires.com;MineWire Network
162.244.165.141:56860;Firecraft need staff
spoungeMC.mcpro.co;spoungeMC
play.maple.zone;Maple Zone
162.244.165.141:56860;Firecraft need staff
play.oblivionmc.gq;OblivionMC
play.minecraft.mn;RealKaz
play.obrutanetwork.net;Obruta Network
fjordpvp.serv.nu;FjordPVP
167.114.174.89:25799;Immortal Network Pvp
prison.mysticnetwork.uk:25567;MysticPrison
play.dextronox.com;Pexcraft
82.38.192.229:25577;Dimension Survival
37.187.137.142:25692;DeamCraft
azureislands.nitrous.it;AzureIslands
CCSkyBlock.crafted.pro;CCSkyblock
85.114.135.204:26579;Stadiocraft
5.255.70.75:26055;Orecraft
159.8.75.38:32842;Open Scape
167.114.135.45:55252;Minecraft And Co
jogar.arkancraft.com.br;ArkanCraft Survival
5.10.110.102:39839;DiamantiteCraft
MixedCraft.cubed.pro;MixedCraft
192.99.147.86:25612;Switch-Infinity Skyblock 
play.qrazyhoster.com:25567;QrazyHoster
latino.fluctis.com:26097;Network Latino
SquareRealms.com;SquareRealms
192.99.44.75:27876;CubeStack
icefactions.org;IceFactions
51.254.70.219;SiegeMC
play.vemicraft.com;VemiCraft
play.fusitoxmc.com;FusitoxMc
Moocube.beastmc.com:25586;Moo Cube
potatocraft.fluctis.com:26433;PotatoCraft
play.arkmc.us;ArkMC - Need Staf
play.arkmc.us;ArkMC - Need Staff
play.arkmc.us;ArkMC - Need Staff
play.arkmc.us;ArkMC - Need Staff
play.arkmc.us;ArkMC - Need Staff
play.coopercraftmc.com;Cooper Craft
158.69.124.205:25723;Virus Craft
TheCoreMC.fmc.pw;TheCoreMC
168.1.74.14;PureWorld II
bamboopvp.com;BambooPvP
wote.ddns.net;Warriors of the Eclipse
limitlesscraft.nitrous.it;Limitless Craft
45.35.95.9:25569;OblivionMc
Rainbow.mcserver.ws:26170;RainbowKraft
hcfhq.net;HCFHQ
mc50.vgmc.us:26036;RC Craft
pvp.veroxus.com;Joel Stahl
s11.minespan.com:26177;Wonders and Wastelands
lemonpvp.nn.pe;LemonPvP
UnSeenMC.us.to;UnSeenMC
grindingmc.nitrous.it;GrindingMC
212.84.160.56:25593;Medieval & Fantasy Semi Vanilla
Mc.LavishPvP.com;| Custom Enchants | LavishPvP
Mc.LavishPvP.com;| Custom Enchants | LavishPvP
158.69.127.185:41827;We Need Staff
BGHDMC.com;BGHD Network
play.emeralddimension.com;Emerald Dimension
198.27.83.113:25281;TexasCraft
craft-city.fluctis.com;Craft-City
192.99.21.111:25622;ClashMC
104.43.15.54;svmineVPS.vn
69.175.19.240:25587;TitanNetwork
mc.bandalicraft.net;BandaliCraft Network
skyarcade.ddns.net:25566;Skys OP Mines
simplex.fluctis.com:27057;Simplex
Scraft.fluctis.com:26457;ScraftF
jogar.bosscraft.com.br;BossCraft
149.202.92.161:41210;Chenzies Kingdom
192.186.180.176:25981;Dans Server
PandaLair.myserver.gs;PandaLair 
PandaLair.myserver.gs;PandaLair
168.1.74.14:28619;Lokus Craft
serienmc.mcpro.co;SerienMC
play.kowedcraft.nl;KowedCraft
mc-godcraft.com;Godcraftserver
BlockWard.g-s.nu:41659;BlockWard.g-s.nu
178.248.200.34:25691;DevilCraft
51.254.170.51;StuvCraft
codexmc.com;CodexMC
149.202.83.16:40032;WitherPvP
167.114.156.184:25598;Reconnect Factions
verxitycraft.com;VerxityCraft
136.243.172.91:25586;NoLimitPrison
51.254.198.189:25759;KentoCraft
BlitzCraft.serv.nu;GlitzCtaft
mc.flamenetwork.eu;FlameNetwork Swedish
kwakkel.sytes.net:26425;KwakkelCraft
the-terrarium.mcph.co;The Terrarium
s14.hosthorde.com:25840;DownTown
trillionmc.zapto.org;TechnoSky
MycelCraft.uk.to;MycelCraft - Towny
mc-ww.zapto.org;WitherWorld
just-immortalcraft.fluctis.com:27153;ImmortalCraft
37.187.139.123:28792;Dragon-craft
play.smashserver.co.uk;Smash
premepvp.com;PremePVP
mc.minefuture.com;Mine Future Survival
69.30.210.154:25579;QuantumKitPvP
167.114.100.168:25622;CloudKitPVP
Cursedpvp.serv.nu;CursedPVP
dutchstarcraft.dmch.nl;DutchStarCraft
Dragonpvp.mygs.co;Dragonpvp
mc-hg.co;MC-HG
dungeonex.hostgamebr.com:31516;DunegonEx
guardianmc.net;guardianmc
192.99.18.69:25569;GetRektCraft
rcity.mcph.co;Revenge City
raidcasade.mcph.co;RaidCaskade
titan.b-zone.ro;Titan B-Zone
mambacraft.mcph.co;MambaCraft
shadowhaven.mc-srv.co;Shadow Haven Survival
158.69.124.205:25676;AtomicFactions
quiveruniverse.mcph.co:57394;QuiverUniverse
193.111.140.140:26346;The UltimateRealms
BlazinMC.mcserv.pro;BlazinMC
LittleCentral.mcpro.eu;LittleCentral
dpvp.beastmc.com;DragoPVP
PVPCentral.crafted.pro;AwesomePVP 
ultimatefaction.mcph.co;UltimateFactions
mc.pridecraft.org; Pridecraft
162.244.165.51:35208;NS-MC
198.27.81.182:25734;Exel-Network
icepvp.g-s.nu;IcePvp Factions
198.178.120.75:26218;MineMerge
eu1.mcsg.in;jammycole9
167.114.100.168:43718;AomicBuild
mc.astralsurvival.com;Astral Survival
208.73.21.138:25596;NitroFactions
mc.apocalypticmines.com;ApocalypticMines
144.168.43.249;PubCraft
62.210.102.214:25728;SuperNaaCraft
Historicalnetwork.mcpro.co;HistoricalNetwork
play.swordvale.net;SwordVale
quantumcraft.org;QuantumCraft
108.16.107.39;NovoCraft
104.156.232.103:10120;BoganGaming Faction PVP
CraftLords.myserver.gs;CraftLords
tfs.myserver.gs;theflyingsquid
play.zunexnetwork.cf;ZunexSkywars 
s45.hosthorde.com:25998;Realms Void
80.82.209.138:26496;IkGame Server
CensoredPvP.g-s.nu;CensoredPvP
FactionsCraft.serv.nu;FactionsCraft
mc.newcrafters.eu;NewCrafters Network
factionslife.mcpro.eu;FactionsLife 
quiveruniverse.mcph.co:57394;QuiverNetwork - Skyblock
149.202.92.167:40803;Croatian Pvperz
Apexminecraft.mymc.io;ApexMinecraft
167.114.118.218:25587;Aspire Network
creeperkingdom.ddnsking.com;CreeperKingdom 
DawnFactions.serv.nu;DawnFactions Need Staff
s10.minespan.com:26614;Dark Factions
149.202.92.165:41947;AxodCity Minetopia
pamcrafters.mcph.co;Pamcraft
Play.wotfi.ovh;Lallandia
OpNaze.cubed.pro;OpNaze
Globalpvp.crafted.pro;GlobalPvp beta Need staff
boom-network.ddns.net:33877;Boom-Network
mc.mainminer.com;MainMiner
37.187.158.175:40442;DATUM
SpiraxFactions.xyz;SpiraxFactions
toxikkraft.mcph.co;ToxikKraft
s16.minespan.com:26650;Unbroken Circle
funwithblocks.com;FunWithBlocks
mc.premiummc.co.uk:26020;Premium Craft
192.99.149.167:25618;MCACreative
mc.fakecraft.net;PS3 Server | Visit My Website 
pvp.ultramc.us.to;UltraPvP
networkplus.sytes.net:25948;networkplus
laminecraft.tk:55830;La MC
mc.minefuture.com;Mine Future
79.124.56.50:25567;Potato Craft
5.196.241.224;UntitledCraft Factions Spleef PVP
76.90.134.68;BladeCraft
159.8.75.37:29736;JupiterCraft
23.252.116.10:27585;Glitch-Craft
158.69.54.204:41636;GoldenFactions
kairosmc.beastmc.com;Kairos-MC Need Staff
37.59.200.64:26137;MaticalFactions/HiringStaff/Giveaway
198.50.254.92;Cactus Survival
play.godsofwarclan.com;Gods Of War
play.brutalfactions.us;Brutal Factions
mc.inumedia.io;Arumia
play.wlpcraft.info:25597;WLPCraft
158.69.127.185:41682;DesertWolfUSAF
Hazardous.minecraft-crafting.pro;Hazardous-factions
evo.mcpro.co;Evolution
SodaaNetwork.beastmc.com:25586;SodaaNetwork
EpicIMc.serv.nu;Epic MC
mc.hellaciousgaming.com;HellaciousGaming
play.trufaction.tk:25664;TruFaction
185.38.148.189:25570;Hub      Realm Of Mages 
LordCraft.anvil.pw;LordCraft
AltaPvP.sytes.net;AltaPvP
158.69.146.255;ClimaxCraftNetWork
216.172.108.123;RegentCraft
proton-games.tk;ProtonCraft
5.196.251.175;Mega.SpyCraft.Ro
mcfeelboy.minecraft360.de;MCFeelBoy
130.180.201.236:25763;KingPlots
Furioussurvival.mcserver.ws:25610;Furious Survival
167.114.1.218:25629;SquadFactions
173.236.104.81;LeapCraft
192.99.21.47:25593;Clash Factions
MegaNetwork.serv.nu;MegaNetwork
mc.g-s.nu:41895;MC.G-S.NU
badblock.fr;ert
play.animusmc.com;AnimusMC
Minetopia123.myserver.gs;banaantopia
192.99.1.48:27546;MGCSmp
107.6.137.221:25585;Brute Minigames
Tryzicraft.mchost.pro;Tryzicraft
164.132.157.12;MLG CRAFT
149.202.69.132:40294;OblivianMC
justicecraft.mcserver.ws;Justice Craft
MineTwister.mcpro.co;UnityPrison
pvp.deagonner.com;DeagonnerPvP
a1.hg.minewarsland.com.br;Kevotas
brandenfandel.myserver.gs;Op Factions
server.coaster-craft.nl;Coaster-Craft
162.245.0.33;Exocraft
mc.invindictus.net;Invindictus
muppetsnetwork.mygs.co;Muppets MC
149.202.92.147:40707;Savage Survival - SemiVanilla server
LeaveNetwork.dmch.nl;LeaveNetwork  
192.99.44.128:26189;Realms of Apollo
play.multiplexmc.net;Multiplex Network
thatswhatido.mcpro.co;ThatsWhatIPlay
5.255.85.213:25927;X-CiteCraft
nairucraft.mcserver.ws:26265;NairuCraft
play520.ddns.net;Play520
computerskygrid.mcpro.co:62289;ComputerSkyGrid
play.mc-cu.com;MPH MC Creative
play.crusadecraft.net;Crusadecraft
158.69.127.185:41682;DesertWolfUSAF
spoilerpvp.mcpro.co;SpoilerPvp Join Now KitPvp Need Players
mineit.serv.nu;Mine It
149.202.92.161:40928;LemonSurvival
exoticpvp.serv.nu;Exotic Factions
MC.TheEmeraldTree.net;TheEmeraldTree
Mc.LavishPvP.com;| Custom Enchants | LavishPvP
Mc.LavishPvP.com;| Custom Enchants | LavishPvP
198.24.167.138:55472;Shadow Realm-PVP
198.50.155.123:25599;TigreCraft Network
bladepvp.nitrous.it;Blade PvP
nano-network.bounceme.net;Nano-Network
mc.hellaciousgaming.com;HellaciousGaming
megamc.eu;MegaMC
Play.PvPNation.Com;PvPNationn
mc.surrealcraft.net;Surreal Craft
s4.hosthorde.com:26356;AvalonJack Skyblock
mc.repulsive-empire.com;Replusive Empire
31.214.235.150;DechoCraft.minecraft.to
Io.apexmc3.co;IO-Network
23.94.121.15;DeltaStreamMC
s11.hosthorde.com:26331;Revolutionizecraft 
192.186.180.176:25981;The mine cave Survival need good builder
158.69.117.121:40347;CoolCraft
108.170.15.242:42713;BossTrade
OPNation.org;OPNation
Runecraft.serv.nu:21;RuneCraft
Mondhund.de;Mondhund-Server
158.69.127.176:40403;ChronoCraft
play.amadworld.eu;TeamMad
149.202.66.219:40649;DarkFirePvP
unite.craft.gg;Unite
Swordrealms.serv.nu;SwordRealms
158.69.127.185:40119;Bacon Survival - need staff
158.69.54.241:25610;PhantomFactions
FactionsCraft.serv.nu;FactionsCraft
JewelNetwork.crafted.pro:25201;JewelNetwork.crafted.pro
InspireMc.mcph.co;InspireMc
119.81.65.243:42433;FNF Survival
167.114.100.229:27946;Infinity Network
paranormalpvp.zapto.org;ParanormalPvP
heroteams.craft.gg;HeroTeam
84.84.212.115:25568;freazycraft
192.99.21.47:25593;ClashFactions
mc.dreamcastpvp.net;Dreamcast
Nairucraft.mcserver.ws:26265;Nairucraft
divine.craft.gg:11401;Divine Network
151.80.22.58:25654;OringinalNetwork
veltpvp.com;Anonymous
primehcf.com;Anonymous
hcfhq.net;Anonymous
arsonpvp.me;Anonymous
Nairucraft.mcserver.ws:26265;Nairucraft
192.99.20.81:25655;Dynamic Networks Creative Server
blackviper.myserver.gs;blackviper
server.javacraft.ga;Javacraft Network
138.201.33.241:25576;Chicken Craft
mc.surrealcraft.net;Surreal Craft
173.236.123.210:25585;Blue Survival
cloud-link.biz:25569;HackerPvP
play.nocterra.online;Nocterra - Survival
LifeWorld.minesv.net:25573;LifeWorld
lotuspvp.us;Anonymous
elitecraft.myserver.gs;EliteCraft
76.90.134.68;BladeFactions
71.121.170.223:25566;Crimson Sunset
s5.hosthorde.com:26321;Pirate Prison
158.69.226.219:41379;DynastyMC
51.255.81.53;Duck-Craft
garlycraft.mcph.co;GarlyCraft
PaletteMc.mcserver.ws;PaletteMc
Aincrad.serv.nu:41445;Aincrad Factions
192.186.180.176:25981;The mine cave Survival need good builder
crafta.xyz;Crafta
76.90.134.68;BladeCraft
play.vs-mc.com;Vigilant Survival
149.202.79.106:25600;EdgyKitPvP
gordio.mcph.co;GordioMC
gordio.mcph.co;GordioMC
life-craft.serv.nu;Life Craft
gamershq-main.mcs4.me;GamersHq Network
Play.NSGPrison.com;NSG Prison
ladshub.hostbukkit.com:28740;Lads Hub Factions
hachaman.serv.nu;HachaCraft
GamersHQ-Main.mcs4.me;GamersHQ
synthnetwork.net;Synth Network
play.vexelmc.net;VexelMC
GamersHQ-Main.mcs4.me;GamersHQ
GamersHQ-Main.mcs4.me;GamersHQ
CodeMc.us;Safan
mc.shimmeringskies.mcfrag.net;Shimmeringskies
playlegendcraft.hostcraftbr.com.br:25572;LegendCraft
168.1.74.11:59778;Skyland Dreams
174.25.108.198;Western Reaches
play.crudermax.com;CruderMax Network
104.231.38.69;Skycraft
planetabliska.serv.nu;PlanetAbliska
chaoticop.us:25583;Chaotic Super OP Factions
167.114.210.171:25686;NuclearPvP
mc-sv-purge.com:25575;PURGE
99.198.120.94;Please help me with my server
CraftBender.no-ip.org;CraftBender
188.212.100.112;Mcx.AlphaCs.Ro
71.238.168.40;CreepyMcs
galaxymc.mcworlds.pro;Galaxy MC
pokederponline.mcph.co;PokeDerpOnline
nogamenolife.gamehosting.it;NoGameNoLife
Elementia.mcph.co;Elementia
SuperBlaze.mymc.io;SuperBlaze
167.114.159.138:25577;ReflexFactions
5.196.127.184:25724;Rehflix | Minecraft | Latest
mystcraftop.primedtnt.com:25930;MystCraft OP Prison
gfmc.us.to:25620;GamingFinalMC
164.132.234.9;PirateLandPvP
LostMines.mcserver.ws;LostMines
LegionCraft.fmc.pw;LegionCraft
Mc-VikingCraft.net;Mc-VikingCraft
server.arelia-mc.net;Arelia
192.99.161.60;Elementcraft
Legends.mygs.co;Legends Network
128.0.120.234;Infinit Server Netzwerk | CityBuild
192.99.18.69:25566;MittenCraft
Pvptrold.serv.nu;PVP trold
167.114.102.154:25610;Hopitc PvP
mc.soulfight.fr;SoulFight
alpha.kaashosting.nl:27904;Minedark
mc.creative-paradise.tk;Creative Paradise
ndcraft.mcph.co;NutellaDinoCraft
steelfactions.mcpro.co:58690;Steel Factions
198.20.179.148;factions and plots 
5.135.170.77;LegendCraft
IPN.mcserver.ws:27946;JOIN
pixelcraftserver.mcpro.co;Pixel Craft Network
MineTwister.mcpro.co;MineTwister
158.69.55.240:25571;ArmedMC-Factions
199.15.254.122:25587;ActualMC
24.178.41.212;AnimeCraft Factions
167.114.156.184:25597;Monopoly MC
IPN.mcserver.ws:27946;KITPVP
37.59.157.131:25569;Venus Network
192.151.150.51:25592;SpeftCraft
cabbagetown.g-s.nu;Cabbage Town
167.114.1.218:25596;ArcticPvP
mc3.minejoin.com:26430;ocecraft
51.255.217.206;RepublicVXP
spikybite.es;spikybite.es
spongefactions.mcpro.co;SpongeCraft
theimperialrealm.mcph.co:55772;ImperialMianite
raieen.xyz;Raieen.xyz
sbbiomes.noip.me;Seablock Biomes
167.114.101.146:25697;minecraft server 
primehcf.com;loolofsd
uc.mcph.eu;UltraCraft
192.99.38.169:41277;Alkaline PvP
spil.craftempire.dk:25777;CraftEmpire
play.aepthyn.com;Aepthyn
play.burpmc.net;B.U.R.P.
craftywonderland.beastmc.com;Crafty Wonder Land
toniccraft.factions.ws;TonicCraft
mc.legendsofillyria.com;Legends of Illyria
erik.fluctis.com:26465;The Croissant
Hellacraft.serv.nu;Hellacraft
mc.plenixclash.com;PlenixCraft
192.99.195.146;Rival PvP
nightcraft.ddns.net;Night Fall
158.85.69.138:34358;The Copper Core
isaksf.g-s.nu;Isaksf.g-s.nu
51.254.198.189:25759;KentoCraft
Mc.FreeKNetwork.com;FreeK Network
Play.ZoniaNetwork.net;Zonia Network
skat3rcraft.mcph.co;Skat3rCraft
beercraft.mcpro.co;Beercraft
hub.hyquishnetworks.tk;HyquishNetworks
revivalpvp.mcph.co;Revival
play.stepcraftmc.com;StepCraft
play.stepcraftmc.com;StepCraft
play.stepcraftmc.com;SpookyPvP
play.stepcraftmc.com;SpookyPvP
162.244.167.1:44678;SpookyPvP
162.244.167.1:44678;SpookyPvP
WackyFactionz.myserver.gs:40714;WackyFactionz
Play.GalaxyCrafters.com;GalaxyCrafters
mc.infinitearchitectssociety.com;Infinite Architect Society
play.puremc.net;PureMC
192.95.29.48:27780;AtlantickCraft
play.kqnrad.com;Kqnrad
192.99.20.76:25592;Cryptex Prison
betacrackpack.mcph.co:43968;CrackPack
trippycraft.com;TrippyCraft
swift.zapto.org;Swift Survival
play.hoboinabox.com;HoboInABox
Play.societycraft.tk;Societycraft 
techdragoncraft.mcserver.ws;TechDragonCraft
SparkMc.pw;SparkMc.pw
isaiahcraft.mcph.co;Isaiah1391
DragonsKingdom.mygs.co;DragonsKingdom
69.175.19.254;omega games
cupcraft.mcph.co:55573;CupCraft
gangpvp.mcpro.co;GangPvP
192.99.14.166:27072;McFighters
AquaticNetworks.aqn.us;Aquatic
plextro.com;Plextro
RainCraft.mygs.co;RainCraft
192.99.1.48:27345;Verxity Craft (Looking for staff)
PhNetwork.noip.me;Ph Network
crimsonfactionsmc.mcph.co:32167;Server Needs Staff/Developers/Builders
play.jargonpvp.com;jargon pvp
Tardis.serv.nu;Tardiscraft
jnagaming.mc-server.net;JNAGaming
192.99.21.121:28744;LuxCraft Network
185.38.148.39:25735;DMfactions
mc.septicfactions.com:25593;Septic Factions
Renegadepvp.beastmc.com;RenegadeFactions
s3.minespan.com:26534;LunaMC
libertycraftfrance.starmine.pro;LibertyCraftFrance
play.viperhcf.com;Viperhcf
149.56.75.224:25693;Frostbite Factions
syuu.net;Anonymous
RandomizedGaming.myserver.gs;RandomizedPvP
mc.davidscloud.net;Davidscloud
server.proyectozero.net;Traffic Test
5.200.23.180:25996;NightMareFactions
5.196.127.184:25726;Petit Craft Skywars
164.132.198.203;PushMine
37.187.158.155:40599;Convict Survival
Play.thevaliardmansion.com;thevaliardmansionpvp
DiamondVelosafy.tk;thevailiardmansionpvp
play.pvppark.eu;PvPPark
mc.crazyprison.org;CrazyPrison
149.202.92.147:41341;GoldenCraft
192.99.21.121:28714;McAdidCraft
diamond.serv.nu:41157;Diamond
mc.treasurenetwork.eu;TreasureNetwork
MC.TwinsPvP.com;TwinsPvP
moonfire.mcph.co;MoonFire
188.165.230.51:26211;TheTruckmc
149.202.79.106:25611;ArmedMc
164.132.104.222;Edge-Network
minekingdom.net;MineKingdom
cobaltdragon.net;CobaltDragon
play.versusmc.net;VersusMC
pvp.vexmc.us;VexMC
96.127.154.186:26677;HuskyCraft
PvPCraft.mchost.no;PvPCraft
173.236.123.210:25585;BlueSurvival
lima.kaashosting.nl:25584;JVfactions
zombiefacs.mine.gg;ZombieFacs
curse.kemecraft.me;CurseMC
WorldRealcraft.mc-server24.de;WorldRealcraft
167.114.102.154:25610;HopticPvP
play.dreamnetwork.ml;DreamNetwork
168.1.74.17:40890;The iCraft Network
moonhub.fluctis.com;MoonHub
s13.hosthorde.com:25905;Test
SmashingBlocks.beastmc.com;Smashing Blocks
thundercraftpvp.no-ip.org;ThunderCraftPvP
192.99.20.81;McSlimeball
129.232.181.26;EliteFactions
45.35.95.198:25785;BallCraft- Need staff
woodvillecraft.us.to;Woodville Craft
boxkraft.serv.nu;Boxkraft
176.31.208.224:26269;CRMNetwork
play.uprisemc.net;UpriseMC Network
192.99.20.205:40840;SimpleCraft
158.69.140.227;ChillMuffinPvP
23.95.15.115:25691;PheonixMc
92.63.57.204;NetCraft
164.132.188.9;Vampir Vs Farkasember Frakciok
192.99.20.76:25592;Cryptex OP Prison
91.121.209.44:25579;CookieCraft
62.141.42.151:26185;maxmus
WarriorCraft.g-s.nu:41505;WarriorCraft
167.114.118.215:25800;Hyuuga Factions
giddyserver.ddns.net;Giddy Server
192.95.30.63:25680;The Vestige Project
MCElysium.site;MCElysium Network
BruhMc.no-ip.org;bRuH Factions Custom Rune Enchants
167.114.102.188:25569;Sea Network
beercraft.mcpro.co;BeerCraft
s17.minespan.com:26296;Magicraft
jnagaming.mc-server.net;JNAGaming
Douwe.myserver.gs;freerolandia
198.20.179.130:26921;Solprison (need staff)
mc.vangar.org;Vangar - Gaming Community
darkenedmoon.serveminecraft.net;Darkened Moon Factions
149.202.64.88:25571;Fortress Frenzy Server
46.32.239.39:8000;Zenith
play.wolverine.minejoin.net;Wolverine
antinf.ddns.net;Anti Noob Factions
hypnocraft.mcph.co;HypnoCraft
216.144.251.124;Neko Craft
PixelCraft.biz.tm;PixelCraft
meloncraft.serv.nu;MelonCraft
91.121.21.212:25572;Digital Rift -Need Staff-
mazerunner.crafters-island.com:26667;Minecraft - Maze Runner
wyvernpvp.com;WyvernPvP Fixed Tnt Mechanics
dark.factions.ws:26146;Dark Factions
192.99.149.167:25630;SolarFlare
gobuildmc.com;GoBuild
sinixfactions.mcph.co;Sinix Factions
158.69.127.171:41739;AsylumNetwork
167.114.101.57:25608;RIP 2 My Youth
skyarcade.ddns.net:25567;Skys Plots
cloudmc.servegame.com;VancoreMC
feroscraft.noip.me;FerosCraft
192.151.150.194:25570;CrystalMC
Jkcraft.apexmc3.co;JkCraft
Bitload.io;BitLoad
MineShox.me;MineShox.me
108.170.21.42:32074;RedStonePVP
IPN.mcserver.ws:27946;Infinity Network
s11.minespan.com:26538;AragonPvp
149.202.92.237:41184;ViralExplosion
platinum-network.mcph.co:36421;Platinum-Network
Mine.Titanz.TV;Titanz Hub Server
75.27.36.167:7777;StormPVPSurvival
VaticPvP.mygs.co;VaticPvP
HuntedMc.org;HuntedMc
162.244.165.21:33072;DiamondUniverse
JohnPvP.serv.nu;JohnPvP
5.196.90.55:31032;CobbleCraft PVP
Nederland.myserver.gs;Real Life server Nederland
avatarkingdom.zapto.org:25595;Avatar Kingdom
176.31.208.224:26269;CRMNetwork
MCVanilla.on.vg;MCVanilla
167.114.118.194:25892;Odyne Survival
mc.galaxymc.eu;GalaxyMC
timelessmc.tk:26042;Time less Mc
149.202.92.237:40931;Greatcrafting
megac.serverminer.com;MegaCraft
play.crazypig.net;Leastrio
RazorMc.mcph.co;RazorMC
play.swordcraft-bg.eu;SwordCraft
198.24.164.162:61335;VikingCraftOfficial
130.180.201.236:25699;Quantum Factions NEW
mac.phenomenalpvp.com;PhenomenalPvP
AquaticPvP.mygs.co;Aquatic PvP
mc50.vgmc.us:26423;SurvivalCore
98.244.13.199;The Rebel Network 
104.219.7.43:25610;Hobo Craft
play.notch8864.net;Notch8864 Network
mc.bapcraft.com;Bapcraft
167.114.156.184:25602;Skyblock Server needs builders
s20.minespan.com:26553;BlizzardCraft
badasscraft.com;BadassCraft
evermine.serv.nu;EverMine-Survival Extreme PVP
sf.uk.to;Shadow Factions
onetreeskyblock.mcph.co;One Tree Skyblock
play.vexileffa.net;HCF
play.vexileffa.net;HCF
play.vexileffa.net;HCF
play.vexileffa.net;HCF
play.vexileffa.net;HCF
play.gammapvp.com;GammaPvP
mc.thegoldyiron.se;TheGoldyIron
mc.syther.us;Syther
play.disturbedgamers.info:26506;Disturbed Gamers | Factions
mc.adventureridgeresort.co.uk;Adventure Ridge Resort
legacy-pvp.net;LegacyPvP
104.231.2.20;UnitedCraft
ObbySkyraid.beastmc.com;ObbySkyraid
130.180.201.236:25785;Proxy Factions
108.196.145.108;Kobalt Orange
handy.diamond.as;HandyCraft
45.25.118.19:25566;Infamous Gawds
s12.hosthorde.com:25962;Divinus Survival server
mc.strictlyskygrid.com;Strictly Skygrid
mc.strictlyskygrid.com;Strictly Skygrid
mc.strictlyskygrid.com;Strictly Skygrid
mc.strictlyskygrid.com;Strictly Skygrid
PvpNation.g-s.nu;pvpnation
Satancraft.mygs.co:41741;Satancraft
OmegaCreative.Mcph.Co;Omega Network
oycraft.net;Oycraft
167.114.102.208:25750;Firecraft need staff right now
AuxioPvP.com;Eclipse Factions
play.yuzucraft.net:25566;Yuzu Craft
blendycraft.mcpro.co;BlendyCraft
VoidWalker.eu;VoidWalker Network
sb.cubixmc.com;SKyblock
sb.cubixmc.com;Skyblock
anarchy.minetexas.com;Need Friends
anarchy.minetexas.com;anarchy.minetexas.com
mc.strictlyskygrid.com;skygrid
mc.RainbowNation.us;nation
join.thesevensaints.net;Saints
join.thesevensaints.net;Saints
universe-cannon.mcph.co;Universe Cannon
s14.minespan.com:26895;Apollux Factions
mc.galaxymc.eu;GalaxyMC
katsu.servermc.nl:26598;KatsuNetwork
qizernetwork.mc-dns.net;QizerNetwork
158.69.124.35:40014;LegendCraft
192.99.1.48:26988;Patsalou World
play.thejammc.net;TheJamMC
play.HellasEmpire.com;HellasEmpire
37.187.158.175:40877;SelectionCraft
209.133.209.253:26446;HighHub
play.moosepvp.com;MoosePVP
play.MineOfTheSavior.us.to:25957;MineOfTheSavior
the3rdpower.cubed.pro;The 3rd power- need staff
play.galacticpvp.co;Galactic PvP
mc.orepros.net;Orepros Network
162.244.165.21:60342;Sector 26 Towny Factions
play.witherxcraft.net;Survival
play.witherxcraft.net;survival
play.falonmc.com;FalonMC
factions.epiclegends.ml:27537;Epic Legends Faction/ RevivedMc
mc.purevisiongaming.eu;PureVision
play.civilprison.net;Civil Prison
play.mc-spectrum.com;Spectrum
EpicIMc.serv.nu;Epic MC
s17.minespan.com:26600;LittleVilla
Papercraft.craft.vg;PaperCraft
Play.NoahSwitzer.Com;Play.NoahSwitzer.Com
s16.minespan.com:26771;PichuCraft
play.pokenexus.com;PokeNexus
MCDiamond.us.to;MCDiamond/MCTag
192.99.20.81:25661;Need Staff 
warfine.com;Warfine
149.202.68.32:26171;KacpersPvE
hymercraft.game.nfoservers.com;SassCraft
PCEconomy.beastmc.com:25592;PCEconomy
minecraft.bootp.net;not one yet
play.zonicmc.com;New ZonicMc Factions
tangoservers.org;TangoServers
188.165.232.196:27594;Ectalia
lpskypvp.ddns.net;Liverpool PVP
185.114.156.247:25599;FijnCraft
185.55.242.109;GoldGames
ItzFallenPvp.mchost.pro;ItzFallenPvp
toxiicmc.tk;ToxiicMc
play.pika-network.net;mcdragosia
5.196.80.42:41766;GummyNetwork
167.114.100.223:25608;Lolledcraft Factions PvP PlotMe Skyblock
play.floridaminecraft.com;Florida Minecraft Server
167.114.10.146;ObsidianCraft
149.202.92.166:40815;Voltzcraft
tekniskmultimedia.no;Stavanger.Lyse.MC
whynotminecraft.de;Why not Minecraft
play.mc-heybuilder.com;Hey Builder Proper Creative
nooruless.mcpro.eu;NooRuless
lifetime.playat.ch;Lifetime (Need builders and devs.)
mgcfactions.mchosting.pro;MGCFactions
Sugarblink.eu;Sugarblink
5.196.90.55:25951;AceNetwork
mccraft.myserver.gs;MCCraft
s18.minespan.com:26506;Distured Gamers
MineGames.us.to;MineGames
play.mysterynetwork.eu;Mystery Network
149.202.64.7:25754;ReationMC
mine.servermc.nl;minegrix
MCTag.us.to;MCDiamond/MCTag
play.nadeville.xyz:27519;NadeVille
hyperius.serv.nu;HYPERIUS
play.minebored.com;Minebored
raskeraids.no-ip.org:25864;RaskeRaids
198.251.85.15;HellasCraft
Robbserver.mcph.co;ROBBSERV
mc01.serveromat.net:36519;universe
barbaricfactions.mcpro.co;Barbaric Factions
mc.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
mc.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
mc.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
play.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
play.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
play.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
Deadliestfactions.ddns.net;DeadliestFactions
gs5.freegameservers.org:30101;i dont know what this is
play.freeopmc.com;FreeOPMC Cracked
server.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
server.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
kitpvpz.myserver.gs;kitpvpz
play.shadowpvps.net;ShadowPvp
server.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
server.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
server.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
Draconicmc.ml;Draconic SMP
168.1.74.17:40890;The iCraft Network
MysticRaids.mchost.pro;MysticRaids
skygalactic.ddns.net;Galactic MC
play.wildmc.eu;WildCraft Skyblock
108.60.205.125;Faet Survival MC
polandcraft.org;/polandcraft/
37.187.134.198:28869;MackedMack Craft Now Recruiting
mc.TheWorldOfLight.net;The World of Light - Factions
mc.minegoogle.net;Locked Network
mc.minecrazy.eu;MineCrazy
minecraft.asher-boy.com;Ashers Server
37.187.134.28;Keyyycraft
wolffactions.serv.nu;WolfDistrict
mc.endlessgames.it;EndlessGames
151.80.22.58:25575;ElementCraft
37.187.159.40:29184;Enderpvp
prison.fluppyhost.com;FluppyPrison
158.69.124.205:25695;OpticialCraft
BungeeCraft.mchost.pro;BungeeCraft
198.24.171.162:47464;SkyPVP
Greenland.minecraft.gs:10800;Greenland
139.164.245.42:443;Elite Pixel
185.38.148.57:25580;VengeancePvP | Survival
play.minezzers.tk;minezzers
play.minezzers.tk;minezzers
5.135.170.73;SiegeCraft
hypefaction.mcph.co;Hype faction
trippycraft.com;TrippyCraft
pvp.imperiumnetwork.eu;ImperiumNetwork
ramshra2.mymc.io;Ramshra
192.99.20.205:40028;ConsterCraft
167.114.103.191:27934;ValidityCraft
198.20.179.148;Op Factions
173.236.85.238:25585;Zekkan Survival
209.105.236.237;RandomPixel
SurvivalKings.mcpro.co;SurvivalKingsMC
162.244.164.21:65521;DeltaCraft
DragonMagic.crafted.pro;Dragon-Magic
aerodynamicsgaming.nl;Aerodynamicsgaming Server
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
192.99.33.205:27798;WarriorCraft
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
192.99.149.167:25635;AtomicMC
helixmc.de;Network
195.154.175.19;SkyGames
kohzai.beastmc.com;KohzaiPvP
98.246.224.38;NullCraft
98.246.224.38:25566;NullCraft - Anarchy
mafrocraft.myserver.gs;MafroCraft neeed staff
macaw.beastmc.com;Macaw Craft
aquaprison.com;AquaPrison
jogar.craftando.com.br;Craftando
s1.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
s1.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
play.strengthmc.net;StrengthMC
Deadliestfactions.ddns.net;Deadliestfactions.ddns.net
us.spartixpvp.net;SpartixCraft
67.228.158.183;Red Dragon Roleplay
minecraft.ebaumsworld.com:25567;eBaumsWorld
mc.pixelmonmmo.com;Pixelmon MMO
mc.openrealm.eu;The Open Realm
tbms.us.to:26451;The Block Matrix
45.35.95.198:25610;iTheBogdy - Minecraft Server
FluxCraft.mcjoin.eu:26587;FluxCraft
elitecraft.myserver.gs;EliteCraft
PvPGomme.serv.nu;pvpgomme
37.10.100.232;Project X
mc.brutalcentral.com;BrutalCentral
hub.lapisnetwork.com;Lapis Network
zentia.fluctis.com;ZentiaMC
play.bendersempire.com;Benders Empire
YayMC.com;Gamers Only
149.202.66.219:40305;AdventureTimePvP
149.202.83.45:40038;Play.Energy-Craft.Ro
YayMC.com;Yay MC
167.114.102.175:25608;ClutchCraft
thelotc.net;LOTC
play.evolvecraft.com:25577;Evolvecraft Hub
slimey.mcs4.me;Slimetopia
flerdcraft.mcph.co;FlerdCraft
192.99.149.167:25618;Crest Factions
badasscraft.com;BadassCraft
badasscraft.com;BadassCraft
badasscraft.com;BadassCraft
QueenFactions.tk:25613;QueenFaction
37.187.172.174:25573;craftycube
theoriginal.apexmc3.co;The Original Server
theoriginal.apexmc3.co;The Original Server
46.20.1.139:1185;MCSkyBlock
op.infinityraids.net;test
s2.minespan.com:26504;OpCratMC
s2.minespan.com:26504;OpCratMC
play.mlatu.tk;mlatu survival
macaw.beastmc.com;Macaw Craft
Plurgenetwork.mcph.co;PlurgeNetwork
Deadliestfactions.ddns.net;Deadliestfactions.ddns.net
192.99.149.167:25618;We Need Staff
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
IPN.mcserver.ws:27946;Infinity Nation
PurgePrison.com;PurgePrison
192.151.150.51:25592;Speftcraft Need Staff
s1.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
blockworknetwork.fluctis.com;BlockWorkNetwork
s1.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
s1.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
76.14.201.244;ATLauncher Karma
play.GlobeMC.com;GlobeMC Network
play.craftex.us;Craftex
192.99.14.166:26009;The Solstice universe
arkellcraft.fluctis.com;ArkellCraft
69.175.43.251:25586;VirtutemPvP
craftoholicnetwork.tk;CraftOHolic
play.cutthroatmc.net;CutThroatMC
phoenica.sytes.net;Phoenica - Survival RPG
ElysiaRising.crafted.pro;ElysiaRising
KoalaPlayz.mcph.co;KoalaMC
BGHDMC.com;BGHD Network
mc.baldricnetwork.com;BaldricNetwork
37.59.43.62:29954;DragonRealm
Minetopia.serv.nu;liamVAgames
goldnetworkmc.mcph.co;GoldNetworkMC
158.69.117.100:25723;Xen Creative
158.69.124.205:25692;LostVortex
Vinicknet.mcph.co;Vinick network 
mc.craftlife.dk;Craft Life
mc.ex-machina.it;ExMachina
minecraft1077.omgserv.com:10010;Yolo_Craft
minecraft.warpgate.co.uk;WarpGates Mine
45.35.95.201:25619;GamingDaan
mc01.serveromat.net:45072;The BlackList 
121.124.229.9;Asrenal Land
188.241.14.4;HUBRO
play.xenonmc.com;XenonMC
Mastercraft.epicgamer.org:25918;Mastercraft
149.202.92.159:40994;Sect0r
mcreal.mcph.co;RealmNation
mc01.serveromat.net:40281;GalaxyGaming PvP
s2.minespan.com:26504;OpCratMC
s2.minespan.com:26504;OpCratMC
pixelmon.nfinit-gaming.com;Nfinit Pixelmon
Bedrock.tk;Bedrock
coofactions.serverminer.com;CooFaction
leadercraft.nitrado.net;Leadercraft
play.thelodgemc.net;TheLodgemc
119.252.189.95:27010;Poseidon Servers
BirdCraft.playsrv.nl;BirdCraft
167.114.159.141:25604;GodsPvp
minehost121.host-unlimited.de:28930;NeverLandPvp
45.59.112.2:26017;CubersMC
mytheria.net:30124;Mytheria.net//factions skyblock  pvp
mytheria.net:30124;Mytheria.net//factions skyblock  pvp
play.dagelijkshaadee.nl;DagelijksHaaDee
37.187.25.36:25584;NoxaPrison
ditispooptube.serv.nu:40174;Ditispooptube-Minetopia
play.thelodgemc.net;TheLodgemc
kohzai.beastmc.com;kohzaiPVP
89.34.96.13;NebulaGaming
97.91.92.35;AceKitpvpgunzkits
Mineflip.mcpro.co;Mineflip
s1.hosthorde.com:26440;ColeCraft Op Factionss
158.69.117.100:25723;Xen Creative
EpidemicPrison.tk;EpidemicPrison
play.warfarenetwork.net;Warfare Network
s2.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
RealisticMC.mcserv.pro:25326;RealisticMC
CraftArt.serv.nu;CRAFT ART
s2.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
162.244.164.51:34070;small factionpvp server need staff
162.244.164.51:34070;small factionpvp server need staff
192.99.20.205:40437;FactionFiles
BatataCraftPT.fluctis.com;BatataCraft
flamingpvp.net;FlamingPvP
play.mcmanic.pw;MCManic Creative
149.202.69.111:40145;TeamSteam
playtlmc.tk;Technology-Legends
167.114.100.168:25588;JNAGaming
peachpvp.com;peechpvp
peachpvp.com;peachpvp
peachpvp.com;peachpvp
unixmc.uk:25566;MonsterPvP
deathnetwork.serv.nu;DeathNetwork
mc.TheBreakdown.co;The Breakdown
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
thelotc.net;LOTC
89.34.96.16:25569;Minetropolis
23.94.114.122;Diamond Factions
pvp.vexmc.us;VexMC
108.170.22.58:41905;DiamondCraft
s14.hosthorde.com:25850;Flystylers
37.187.158.155:41114;WePlexy
play.reego.org;ReegoCraft Op Prison
server.damnop.net;DamnOP
play.kingcraft.xyz;Kingdoms
MC7.nice-hosting.dk:25582;GussiVanilla
70.35.195.221:25894;oplemonskitpvp
play.cubitocraftmc.es;CubitoCraft Network
192.99.161.30:25571;Greek Gods Roleplay- New Players Needed
ca.survpixel.mooo.com;SurvPixel
MythicPvP.mchosting.pro;MythicPvP
158.69.117.100:25723;Xen Creative
macaw.beastmc.com;Macaw Craft
mc.sharpshootersgaming.com;SharpShooters
kingsmanpvp.fadehost.com;Kingsmanpvp
pc.serv.nu;ProCraft
mc.evalonpvp.com;EvalonPvP Network
mc.evalonpvp.com;EvalonPvP Network
mc.evalonpvp.com;EvalonPvP Network
mc.evalonpvp.com;EvalonPvP Network
s2.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
84.26.83.233;Discovery Parks
s2.hypercraftofficial.com;HyperCraft
mixacron.net;Mixacron
MagicFactions.us.to:25674;MagicFactions
158.69.127.149:40204;PenguinPvP
108.166.190.53;MineSearchMC
lengendarycraft.mcpro.co;legendaryCraft
play.wsurvival.com;Wither Survival
168.1.74.15:44214;TastySurvival
play.moosepvp.com;MoosePVP
play.razenetwork.net;Raze Network
167.114.100.168:25588;JNAGaming
167.114.100.168:25588;JNAGaming
167.114.100.168:25588;JNAGaming
69.175.43.251:25586;Needs staff
blastedpvpmc.mcph.co;BlastedPvP
randomggames.mcpro.co;RandomGgames Survival
play.kronosnetwork.us;KronosNetwork
158.69.124.46:41443;Spac3GameBr.mygs.co
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
BossPvP.serveftp.com;BossPvp
shadyfactions.primedtnt.com:28089;ShadyFactions
mc.ov-kill.com;Overkill
jogar.tattoworld.net;TattoWorld
158.69.124.32:41660;Just Survival
192.99.161.57:27487;GG Network
justsurvival.serv.nu;Just Survival
167.114.209.21:25969;MineCeption
percraft.serv.nu:28360;per craft
UniCraftNetwork.mcplay.nl;UniCraftNetwork
mc.yoloswagnetwork.com;YoloSwagNetwork
spacewarpmc.cubed.pro;SpaceWarpMC
mc.mcparadise.pl;McParadise
Factions.HazeHollow.com;HazeHollow Factions
hitechevo.pentacraft.ru:25568;Pentacraft
168.1.74.8:55122;Economizer
multigamer.servegame.org;xXMultiGamerXx Norway
149.202.83.16:41559;RyeCraft
PuurGenietenMC.com;PuurGenietenMC
SpongeNetwork.beastmc.com;The Sponge Network
play.mytheria.net;5 Crates Keys Each For Free Everyday
play.mytheria.net;5 Crates Keys Each For Free Everyday
play.mytheria.net;Mytheria Network // Factions Skyblock
play.mytheria.net;Mytheria Network // Needs Staff
play.mytheria.net;Factions SkyBlock Crates Ranks Mcmmo
185.28.189.198:25968;The Lion Centre
89.34.96.16:25627;UnarmedServers
37.187.170.241:40081;PhoenixPotPVP
Mc.hellz.ro;HellzRomania
198.27.68.18:27150;SurvivalFun
37.187.175.190:32097;ExodusMC
play.blockcentral.xyz;Block Central
hg.Factions.srvip.net:25852;HG Factions Server
167.114.100.223:25608;LolledcraftFactionsPvP Creative Skyblock
167.114.101.57:25614;Invasionpvp
mc.technonetwork.net;TechnoNetwork
5.255.85.214:26011;YourCraft
Mc.MineSnipe.net;MineSnipe Factions
hg.Factions.srvip.net:25852;HG Factions Server
oxpvp.org;Anonymous
hg.Factions.srvip.net:25852;HG Factions Server
hg.Factions.srvip.net:25852;HG Factions Server
mafrocraft.myserver.gs;mafrocraft
play.ExtremeCraft.net;ExtremeCraft
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
198.27.69.163:26285;FortBlanket
198.27.81.191:25621;ToastEmpire Factions
deathnetwork.serv.nu;deathnetwork
TheFallenNexus.myserver.gs;TheFallenNexus
minearthsmp.eu;MinearthSMP
thelotc.net;LOTC
71.54.189.4;WolfPvP | Custom Enchants | Kit PvP 
38.130.215.108:27545;TryTax
HostilityPrison.Com;Hostility Prison
mrpixel.craft-mc.com;Potioncloud
45.35.95.198:25773;ArcticFactions
play.reego.org;ReegoCraft OP Prison
162.244.164.51:34070;small factionpvp server 
mc.batcraft.net;BatCraft Network
GS67.Swifthosting.dk:25617;Nevermind
rubyplay.fluctis.com;Rubyplay
Universalmine.mcpro.co;UniversalMine
Legend-Legion.mcpro.eu;Legend Legion
tntw.mymc.io;DTNTW Craft
HostilityPrison.Com;Hostility Prison
MC.MamarosaPvP.com;MamarosaPvP
HostilityPrison.Com;Hostility Prison
HostilityPrison.Com;Hostility Prison
platinum-network.mcph.co:36421;Platinum-network
37.59.179.169;Amazing PRISON
fwoggyfactions.serv.nu;FREE OP
192.99.20.44:26221;Reign Factions
minedow.crafted.pro;MineDow
CoCoCraft.myserver.gs;CoCo Craft
158.69.117.121:40347;TheSolarsClan
mc.worldofmari.tk;World Of Mari
s18.minespan.com:26599;ScytheCraft
159.8.75.37:33536;Nusty
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
158.69.118.52:25571;The Iron Knights PVE
158.85.69.137:58754;PotatoCraftMC
crimsonfactionsmc.mcph.co;CrimsonFactions
158.69.169.179;UsM Survival
178.32.234.42;vivacitypvp
185.121.25.118:24069;EcoBlocks
69.30.206.212;Erebusia
Play.Pig-Craft.Com;Pig-Craft
5.196.83.57:40551;MultiRealm
play.z-infinity.com;Z-infinity
Thezonemc.com;TheZone  OP Factions
mc.hyparia.fr;hyparia
99.198.120.94;Just a plain vanilla survival server
HerobrineSurvival.mcph.co:62866;Herobrine Survival
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
limitless.us.to;Unlimited Network
kizard.playop.net:25580;OPKizard
play.cyanidepvp.net;CyanidePvP
198.27.116.200;SurvivalBlock
thelotc.net;LOTC
pvp.hype-mc.org;HypeMC
arkellcraft.fluctis.com;arkellcraft 
FieryCRAFT.nitrado.net:11200;FieryCraft
167.114.100.223:25623;Aquacraft
159.8.75.38:62414;The New frontier Server
play.Mine-Qbus.com;Mine-Qbus
mc.youshould.tech;TechCraft
203.109.215.123;Survival Server
119.81.65.243:36848;WolfGamingHUB
167.114.118.218:25620;xXSpawnPvpXx
QuickDropFactions.mcnode.net;QuickDropFactions
madworldmc.serveminecraft.net;Mad World MC
84.28.174.140;ultimate faction
mc.JMLCraft.net;JMLCraft
NordicMC.Serv.Nu:40093;NordicMC
sgteams.net:26543;SgTeams
Aulacraft.tk;Aula Craft
mlakafactions.mc-server.net;Mlaka Factions
PCraft.crystal-serv.com:27424;PowerCraft
158.69.54.204:41559;NotchCraft
mc.wubcraft.com;Kotg116
167.114.173.91:38073;Infinity Craft
167.114.173.91:38073;Infinity Craft
167.114.173.91:38073;Infinity Craft
theswollenbovine.serveminecraft.net;TheSwollenBovine
crypticsurvival.tech;Cryptic Survival 
play.thebubblenetwork.com;BubbleNetwork
hcteams.com;Anonymous
blexcraft.de;Blexcraft
play.cubepvp.eu;cubepvp
apexmc.cubed.pro;Apex Games
185.28.188.139:65268;AquaCraft
eu-craftnet.fluctis.com:26161;CraftNet Official
ouatcraft.myserver.gs;OUATCraft
s8.minespan.com:26401;GangCraft
s8.minespan.com:26401;GangCraft
s8.minespan.com:26401;GangCraft
pvp.pyrofactions.com;Pyro Factions  Custom Enchants
50.176.164.241;XLegendHunters Fun Server
TheYogurtFam.mcserv.pro;TheYogurtFam
HyrulePvP.mcpro.eu;HyrulePvP
yannicksurvival.dmch.nl;PixelBlockPvP
185.52.55.148;Coaldragon
185.52.55.148;Norskespill
142.54.182.235;MythicalPvP
178.117.38.135;IGalaxHD
helioxcraft.sytes.net;Helioxcraft
adeel.mcph.co;craftingparkour
158.69.54.204:41625;Simple Survival - need staff badly
NoirBending.mchost.pro;Noir Bending
192.99.46.153:55569;MooMoo22s Server 24/7
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
macaw.beastmc.com;Macaw Craft
s1.hosthorde.com:26399;AutForce
vanilla.foulmc.com;FoulCraft Vanilla
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
play.simplyfac.com;SimplyFac
acidmc.net;AcidMc
158.69.54.204:41625;Simple Survival - need staff badly
s15.minespan.com:26654;Shirecraft -Faction-
carrotcraft.impressioncraft.net;CarrotCraft Factions
192.99.160.121:27373;Immense Network
Glowstonegate.beastmc.com:25587;Glowstone Gate
158.69.54.234:40979;PPG-FactionsNeed Staff
158.69.169.179;UsM Server
149.202.83.45:40999;MineLine
mc.batcraft.net;BatCraft
TNplay.mygs.co;Ted Network
mc.survivalcraft.rocks:25691;SurvivalCraft
wizardpvp.hostgamebr.com;WizardPvP
162.244.167.1:34381;Gravit0s Offical Server
158.69.55.41:25575;PurePixel Network
EnderMines.com;EnderMines
EnderMines.com;EnderMines
EnderMines.com;EnderMines
EnderMines.com;EnderMines
EnderMines.com;EnderMines
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
173.34.80.238;Coal Burners
skrubyserver.serv.nu;Skruby Server
chris.dmp9software.co.uk;CraftersDream
BGHDMC.com;BGHD Network
www.dogelegion.com;Doge Legion
blueminespvp.mcph.co;Blue Mines PvP
OPFaction.mygs.co;AttractiveOpFactions
198.143.139.84:25586;Mistiic Craft
caked.beastmc.com;Caked Network
the-terrarium.mcph.co;The Terrarium
mc.casualgamingaus.com;Casual Gaming AUS
158.69.54.234:40539;RetiredPvp
s5.minespan.com:26202;shootCraft
mee.noip.me;MeeMe
play.pivotcraft.com;Pivot Craft
play.redmcnetwork.tk;RedMC Network
mc.brokenblocks.eu;BrokenBlocks
167.114.118.74:41274;Lillys Server
167.114.216.96;Fitcraft
Good.serv.nu:40393;Good.serv.nu
VeltumPvP.factions.ws;VeltumPvP
frenepicpvp2.fluctis.com:25965;FrenepicPvP
158.69.225.12:25811;Orion Craft
minecraft.minefire.fr;Minefire
DreadPvP.com;DreadPvP
198.50.234.57;InterPvP
192.95.30.218:27111;MCWishes
bossguy111.tk;BOSSGUY111
5.10.110.103:55240;ImperoMC
198.24.170.146:46740;Medieval Gaming
play.theseasonedgamers.com;The Seasoned Gamers
s29.hosthorde.com:26043;Hardcore
101.100.138.220;CeresNetwork
mcgamingnet.mcpro.co;Minecraft GamingNet
158.69.127.149:40204;PenguinPvP
TheGalaxyMC.beastmc.com;TheGalaxyMC
godcraft.xyz;God Craft
198.24.171.26:46917;Fadelesspvp
MythicalMC.factions.ws;Mythical-MC
s5.minespan.com:26690;ClipCraft
s5.minespan.com:26690;ClipCraft
149.202.70.175:41268;MercyFactions
cataclysm.mymc.io;Cataclysm
167.114.172.108:25695;JCFactions Need staff
s6.minespan.com:26176;Food Frenzy
royalenetwork.com;Royale Network
pizza.gypsyspizza.net;Gypsys Pizza
MuseFans.serverminer.com:25588;MuseCraft
192.99.36.201:25472;Pixel Wands
192.99.20.44:26182;BlazingPVP
158.69.127.149:40204;PenguinPvP
MC.Divexity.xyz:25648;Divexity
Mc.Vascraft.com;Vascraft
godcraft.xyz:40928;Godcraft
horizonmmc.mcph.co;HorizonMC
209.105.236.135;Tbotcraft
192.99.19.45:25658;Vintex
s5.minespan.com:26724;Mctwittle
unknownequiv.no-ip.org;Unknown Equivalent
221.121.155.57;The Fallout Shelter Australia
149.202.83.16:41559;Tance
45.35.171.130:25582;Atlantic Kit PvP
188.165.206.54:26013;HoraxMC
bemlo.myserver.gs:40493;BemLoCraft
cubecraft.net;CubeCraft Games
YayMC.com;YayMC
Boredompvp.com;BoredomPvp
119.81.145.72:64254;AstigCraft
mc.1hundreds.com;1Hundreds Extreme Desert Survival 
ip.xmine.ru;Hardcore vanila server
mine.putin.kr;Putin Server
CaR3PvP.de;CaR3PvP.de
174.138.171.122:33700;FreedomMC
sky-blockmc.fhmc.pl;sky-block
play.JNoodlezGTA.us;JNoodlezGTA
sondirilis.nitrado.net;SonDirilis
149.202.88.138;Banshee-Gaming
Zangcraft.fluctis.com;ZangCraft
play.carrottopia.eu:65231;CarrotTopia
167.114.100.223:25608;Lolledcraft
5.10.110.103:58460;MegaFactions
greenfake.mc-server24.de;SkyPvP
minegalore.g-s.nu;Minegalore
FuturistasCraft.McPro.Eu;FuturistasCraft NetWork
5.255.85.201:25863;minetopia
mcfactions.net;mcfactions
ofekhazan.serv.nu;Mc.Craft
mc.tylerwampler.com;JTW
192.99.21.76:39915;QuartzCraft
godcraft.xyz:40928;Godcraft
subway.unithost.info:2074;SubwayCraft
play.falonmc.com;Falon Network
mcphun.ddns.net;MCPhun
NeonCloud.omgcraft.es;NeonCloud
94.23.21.41:26786;ZhoreCraft
play.mineunited.net;Mine United Network
play.mineunited.net;Mine United Network
play.mineunited.net;Mine United Network
play.mineunited.net;Mine United Network
play.razenetwork.net;RazeNetwork
Logic.Mcpro.Co;Logic New Factions
play.kronosnetwork.us;KronosNetwork
167.114.1.218:25569;KrypticPvP 
94.23.211.38:25569;Shadow Prison
www.dogelegion.com;Doge Legion
149.56.118.81;BlazeNation
Infinite.serv.nu:40065;InfiniteServers
107.209.118.120;Obsidian PvP
158.69.127.148:40423;StormMC 24/7
entities.noip.me;entities need players
198.27.67.173:25703;SkyBlock - PVP
23.254.113.66:25566;Free server 1 year paid
pinoycraft.mygs.co;PinoyCraft
69.175.57.204:25587;Umbreon World
178.32.45.231;VitaCraftHD
149.202.92.237:41175;WolfieGaming Factions
192.99.20.205:41986;FuzeMC
167.114.156.201:25657;Civilizations
pvp.kripticpvp.com;KripticPvp
cubenetwork.crafted.pro;CubeNetwork
bossfreedom.myserver.gs;BossFreedom
lennmine.servegame.com;LennCraft
lennmine.servegame.com;LennCraft
5.196.181.201:25811;HentaiCraft
skycraft.beastmc.com;skycraft
alle112.serv.nu;Factions server
netherorgin.mygs.co;NetherOrgin
84.81.2.176;Alles eigenlijk
84.81.2.176;orejf
McRealm.mcpro.eu;McRealm 
sconetwork.no-ip.biz;SwordCraftOnline
nosscraft.myserver.gs:40865;Nosscraft
167.114.100.223:25608;Lolledcraft Factions 
omgfreedomreborn.myserver.gs:41407;OmgFreedomReborn
149.202.70.151:25653;CoolyCraft
FactionTiles.serv.nu;FactionTiles
hostsword.fluctis.com:25961;Hostsword
5.10.110.103:41106;Towny Survival
tigeressence.serv.nu;Survival Server
128.65.221.232;Crazycraft Vanilla Server
Mc.DemonicWar.net;DemonicWar
164.132.198.203;PushMine
185.87.21.16;SpiralEU
ultimate-survival.serv.nu;Ultimate Survival
mc.aincraft.ovh;Aincraft
s11.Minespan.com:26574;StarsMC
GetShrekt.mc-dns.net;GetShrekt.Net
play.evolvepvp.com;EvolvePvP
130.180.201.236:25800;Legacy Factions
deadwood.mcplay.nl:25848;Deadwood
The-Pekkas.myserver.gs;The-Pekkas
JoeCraftMC.myserver.gs;JoeCraftMC
167.114.100.229:25567;rp realms-need staff
70.35.195.221:26020;lemonServerMCS
109.150.185.151:25566;Tocaracas Bomber Arena Server
ashlandnetwork.myserver.gs;AshlandNetwork
play.mysticalnetwork.net;Mystical-Network
45.35.62.114:25859;Velerix Survival New Server
149.56.75.183:59253;YzCraftBr
s3.hosthorde.com:26338;NineYards Flan Server
37.187.158.155:40466;TNTCraft
216.172.107.240;Ender Universe Survival
216.172.107.240;Ender Universe Survival
68.13.44.213;Subcakes Server
thecreeperuniverse.mcpro.co;The Creeper Universe
annex.hvyhitter.com;The Annex
198.20.68.236:25587;TheWolvesDen
198.20.68.236:25587;TheWolvesDenn
Survivalfactions.g-s.nu;Survivalfactions 
jgpvp.swifthosting.dk;Jgpvp
BGHDMC.com;BGHD Network
ultimate-survival.serv.nu;Ultimate Survival
Robbserver.mcph.co;RobbsServer
ultimate-survival.serv.nu;Ultimate Survival
167.114.100.222:25794;Creatures Server Revived
play.pandacraft.ninja;Panda Craft Survival
158.69.54.204:41559;NotchCraft
107.202.177.20:65535;ZeusMc
EpiCraft-HG.TK;LavaCraft Classic
playzfordayz.myserver.gs;playzfordayz
Survivalfactions.g-s.nu;Survivalfactions 
mc.NationalBlocks.com;NationalBlocks
derpcraftserver.mcph.co;Derpy Craft
laputa.nitrous.it;Laputa
SubCraft.myserver.gs;SubCraft - Staff needed
fuzionpvp.serv.nu;FuzionPvP
happy1gamer.aternos.me;CrazyCraft
fedack.ddns.net;Fedack Server
162.244.164.31:65277;Diamonds For Days
158.69.127.149:41605;SurvivalCrafters
ultimate-survival.serv.nu;Ultimate Survival
codemc.us;CodeMc
schrodingerscat.mygs.co;SchrodingersCat
tkgalacraft.servegame.com;TkGalacraft
108.170.137.252;RJECraft
KingsCraftAu.com;KingsCraftAu
play.pokeharbor.net;PokeHarbor
astaspasta.myserver.gs;astaspasta Skyblock
staticvortex.org;StaticVortex V2
mc08.serveromat.net:40395;GroundMC
BatMC.serv.nu;BatMC staff needed
173.236.23.243;Apex Factions
beta.tostimc.net;cool survival
play.townzmc.eu;TownzMC
exosb.org;Minepixle
MasterCraft117.myserver.gs;MasterCraft117
limitlesscraft.mcph.co;LimitlessCraft
play.reefpvp.com;ReefPvP
seaworldminecraft.hosthorde.net:26104;SeaWorld Minecraft
192.99.200.210:27968;MineCloud
minecraft.scoutwired.org;ScoutWired.org
highlightsmc.eu:25654;HighLightsMC
bloxcraft.serv.nu;Blox Craft
EenGameKasteel.Myserver.gs;EenGameKasteel
godsrp.no-ip.org;Godsrp
GoATIt.myserver.gs;DerpsUnited
mc.keinett.us;minecraft
fluxmc.serverminer.com;FluxMC
192.95.0.214:25566;Ethereal MC
158.69.25.173:25980;Hybrid Fort
75.102.46.67:25665;The Cooked Porkchop
23.254.0.170:25587;NootCraft
ultimate-survival.serv.nu;Ultimate Survival
enemypvp.beastmc.com;EnemyPvP
188.165.158.161:25793;EmpireCraft
158.69.117.125:40777;LolCraft
108.170.6.138:32642;Unkown Pvp
86.62.197.177;MoooFactions
tdkgames.ddns.net;TDKgames
SoarCraft.g-s.nu;SoarCraft
50.31.103.67:26705;StarPvp
5.196.80.42:40068;8d
shroomcow.mcph.co;ShroomCow Prison
s2.minespan.com:26504;OpCratMC
198.27.67.62:26971;Snack Pack Craft
167.114.118.214:25959;ZoomPVP
GoldCraft.mineservs.com;GoldCraft
starwars.factions.ws;Star Wars The Force Wars
Simplycrafty.serv.nu;SimplyCrafty
159.8.141.200:56017;Hiekkalaatikko
llcd69.tk;LLCD
158.69.117.100:25798;ReactPvP
eckocraft.mcph.co;Eckocraft
TopoCraft.myserver.gs;TopoCraft
legendsofespana.tk;Legends of Espana
play.witherxcraft.net;Wither Craft
coolcraft.myserver.gs;CoolCraft Survival
Scp_173.aternos.me;JumboCraft
play.chronicnetwork.net;Chronic Network
BGHDMC.com;BGHD Network
158.69.117.100:25735;Dragon Realm
skywarsmc.serv.nu;SkywarsMc
lilly23wa.mygs.co;Lillycraft
bananacloud.ez.lv;BananaCloud
208.66.79.98:25575;Prime Action Mc|Factions|WIP
45.35.63.34:25729;TRueCRaft
158.69.225.12:25817;ElusiveCraft
KayPvp.g-s.nu:21;Kaypvp
MythicPvP.mchosting.pro;MythicPvP
craftmax.myserver.gs;CraftMax
76.90.134.68;BladeCraft
198.24.172.58:51790;Fury Factions
76.212.122.141;HungryMan
play.theenchantmentnetwork.com;The Enchantment Network
acropvp.mcpro.co;AcroPvP Network
149.202.90.4:41581;TigerCraft Survival PvP
staticvortex.org;StaticVortex V2
EnderBuild.serv.nu;Enderbuild
Goldenboycraft.myserver.gs;Goldenboycraft
27.50.72.168:26265;KORT PVP
turkeyskyblock.nitrado.net;turkeyskyblock.nitrado.net
xylan.nl;MCPVP
Gapple.f5.si;GappleNetwork
110.21.1.60;DeloraMc
server2.mawersoft.co.uk;fandomcraft
play.dagelijkshaadee.nl;dagelijkshaadee
badmine.mcph.co;Badmine
CooNetwork.serverminer.com;CooNetwork
play.creativeking.net;CreativeKing
81.227.242.185;The True Dog
insanefall.on.vg;InsaneFall
warscraft.serv.nu;WarsCraft
pingucraft.de;Pingucraft
Mc.MinetheBlock.com:25566;MineTheBlock
ankcraft.serverminer.com;AnkCraft
185.114.156.205:25674;DylanGamesTopia
SkyAvalon.com;SkyAvalon 
BatMC.serv.nu;Staff needed BatMC
eu.minipixel.net;MiniPixel
5.255.70.73:25872;BullzCraft
5.196.79.218:26105;KingoCraft
play.zeusblock.com;Zeus Craft
37.187.25.36:25602;SimplyOP
gt.69.mu;TurtleLeague
TheFallenNetwork.serv.nu;TheFallenNetwork
mc34.gamehosting.it:25601;XDcraft
mc.atlantis-nt.com;Atlantis-Network
71.86.209.202;Rainbow Factory
queenfactions.tk:25613;Queen Factions
minicraftpvp.cubed.pro;Mini-Craft
37.187.133.216:28065;CrypticlandsMC
ScandinavianMC.myserver.gs:40265;ScandinavianMC
survivorsofthewild.myserver.gs;Survivors of the Wild
188.227.183.12;TitaniumMC
TitaniumMC.mymc.io;TitaniumMC
TitaniumMC.mymc.io;TitaniumMC
TitaniumMC.mymc.io;TitaniumMC
play.revivedmc.eu;RevivedMC
158.69.54.204:41625;Simple Survival - Need Staff
DCGNetwork.Net;DCGNetwork
162.244.164.41:31150;Insanity Network MC
dariemc.fluctis.com:26033;DaiFactions
omeganetwork.club;OmegaNetwork
under-res.net;TheMinewar
QuickPlayOP.us.to;QuickPlayOP
174.96.5.146;Ticlinia Survival
mc.SeverePvP.org:25980;SeverePvP Factions Rankup Tokens
165.255.105.159;warfare
149.202.70.172:41587;idk
kryptic.serv.nu;KrypticNetwork
mc.SeverePvP.org:25980;SeverePvP Factions Rankup Tokens
Giggle.myserver.gs;Giggle
5.255.85.206:28990;PartyNet
play.minevault.net;MineVault
pvp.miragon.net;Miragon
play.evolvepvp.com;EvolvePvP
craftmine1234.myserver.gs;CobbleFactions
mc.royalcube.de;Royalcube
66.85.165.171;Gnomania
skyblock.ultraskyblock.us;ultraskyblock
play.flameuhc.com;FlameUHC
185.28.189.198:25575;GalactiCraft
play.the-nebula.net;The Nebula Network
149.202.92.147:41318;derp
elytramc.mcph.co;ElytraMC
pvp.frozenglass.net:25743;Frozenglass Network
82.145.35.158;Aerlyn
frenzic.co.uk:25569;XeXEvolved
45.35.95.9;Minecraft Server
DarkIce.servequake.com;Need Staff
play.skykings.co.uk;SkyKings
BloxRealm.serverminer.com;BloxRealm
survivalnetwork.minecraftr.us;Survival Network
24.57.202.70;PixelmonMH
GalaxyVortex.com;GalaxyVortex Staff Recruitment Session
lotc.rocks;LOTC
mythicpvp.mchosting.pro;MythicPvP
s6.minespan.com:26610;CriticalMCU
108.170.6.138:32642;UnknownPVP
50.175.33.101;Build Craft
mythicpvp.mchosting.pro;MythicPvP
megamc.eu;Megamc
149.202.90.4:40531;TestGTAMC
t9.myserver.gs;meowcraft 
mc.huinkerthinker.ml;ComputerCraft
104.192.1.42:25575;VortexSurvival
104.192.1.42:25575;VortexSurvival
play.minevault.net;MineVault
pvp.miragon.net;Miragon
play.evolvepvp.com;EvolvePvP
toastedinfinity.zapto.org:25596;ToastedInfinityEvovled
pvpsurvive.mcph.co;Infection PvP
158.69.24.129:25794;HungerCraft
exotichcf.serv.nu;ExoticHCF
192.99.201.226;Exotic Factions
legendbox.mcpro.eu;Legend Box
158.69.169.179;UsM Survival Server
CrazyGames.us.to;CrazyGames
107.191.42.103:10100;DahoodCraft
96.127.157.178;Onigri Nations
192.99.161.56:26525;foxycraft
play.Ardenval.com;Ardenval-MC
23.94.121.179; Oltanion
167.114.102.199:25610;ElektrosPvP
142.4.218.205:25604;Coaefac Factions
s4.minespan.com:26708;Sky Network
tsukisaba.dip.jp:25567;MC-TsukisabaCraft-Parkour
69.175.43.51:25588;KPC Survival Network
142.4.218.205:25604;Coaefac Factions
mythicpvp.mchosting.pro;MythicPvP
megacraft2.ddns.net;Megacraft
192.99.3.48:25571;Need Staff
192.99.3.48:25571;Need Staff
192.99.3.48:25571;Need Staff
192.99.3.48:25571;Need Staff
108.170.22.58:29962;The Vortex- Staff Needed
mc.blake1studios.com;BlakeCraft
158.69.24.129:25794;HungerCraft
94.23.211.38:25503;Sinned Factions
play.bosscraftmc.us:65535;Planet
play.EtherCloudMC.com;EthercloudMC
Crzy12232.serv.nu;CureFactions
hybridcraft.serv.nu;HybridCraft
infinityquests.com;InfinityQuests
qaz02546sd.ddns.net;TwMCGun
mtpvp.mcpro.co;Medieval Times PVP
craftgold.minesv.net;CraftGold
192.99.200.141:40636;SLASH
medievalminecraft.mcph.co;Medieval Minecraft
MineNetwork.us.to;MineNetwork
jamesotherserver.myserver.gs;Jamesroleplayserver
s1.hosthorde.com:26440;ColeCraft
93.186.192.54:26802;DesolationCraft
ikeable.mygs.co;ikea Craft
ikeable.mygs.co;ikea Craft
158.69.225.12:25789;CosmicSurivial
play-oblivion.mcph.co;OblivionNation|Staff needed 
192.99.21.76:39939;Teemo Land
Alpha.Kaashosting.nl:25724;KitPvP Server
rainbowlands.net;Rainbowlands
ProServe.myserver.gs;ProServer Need Help Building
alphacrafters.net;Alphacrafters
149.202.70.174:41957;TownyCraft.server.nu
Pixel-Craft.MyServer.Gs;Pixel-Craft
WitherPvP.g-s.nu;WitherPvP
Play.EdiDream.Com;EdiDream
play.domepvp.com;DomePvP
wizardcraft.serv.nu;WizardCraft
5.200.23.170:26890;RealCraft
5.196.117.24;BuildmodeOne.de
Dino-Land.serv.nu;Dino-Land
104.156.232.216:10070;PJGAU | Survival | Economy
specialgreeks.serv.nu:40685;Special Greeks
138.201.19.174:25610;GhostPrison
BatMC.serv.nu;Bat Factions staff needed
46.105.100.225:25573;ShatterMC - Minigames
endercraft.no-ip.org;EnderCraft
TeamMate.mcpro.co;TeamMate
BloxRealm.serverminer.com;BloxRealm
CornCraftRPG.serv.nu;CornCraftRPG
46.105.86.2;SkyKingdom
entites.noip.me;entites
entities.noip.me;Entites
167.114.159.136:25794;MissFire
TecCraftMC.serv.nu;TecCraft
s13.minespan.com:26886;New Server
mc.futuristascraft.tk:35831;FuturistasCraft Network
eruptionmc.eu;Eruption Network Factions
LileNetwork.mchost.pro;LileNetwork
s8.hosthorde.com:26357;BeeZGaming
192.99.172.149;StaminaCraft
skittlecraft.myserver.gs;SkittleCraft
158.69.24.129:25762;hcf server 
galaxymc.mchost.pro;GalaxyMC
142.4.218.205:25604;Coaefac Factions
nekoncraft.blasthosting.com.br;NekonCraft
167.114.118.196:25591;Big Bang MC
bloxrealm.serverminer.com;BloxRealm
bloxrealm.serverminer.com;BloxRealm
mc.clansga.it;SGAminecraft Vanilla
bloxrealm.serverminer.com;BloxRealm
mc.blaze.ml;Blaze - Factions
omeganetwork.club;OmegaNetwork
88.109.127.191;GRBB Network
151.80.178.247;Mind Bash Network - OP Factions
play.akys-sky.fr;Akys-Sky
Sphere.cubed.pro;SphereCraft
omeganetwork.club;OmegaNetwork
192.99.201.226:25609;Exotic Factions
158.69.54.204:41625;Simple Survival - need staff badly
axa-mc.mcph.co;AxA - MC
dinoearth.mygs.co;DinoEarth
s12.minespan.com:26785;BlockPvP
AirFactions.minecraft-crafting.pro;Air factions
AirFactions.minecraft-crafting.pro;Air factions
play.thezircon.xyz;MineGalaxies
AirFactions.minecraft-crafting.pro;Air factions
Hyper-Pixel.tk:25669;Hyper Pixel
AirFactions.minecraft-crafting.pro;Air factions
AirFactions.minecraft-crafting.pro;Air factions
play.trioneomc.com;TrioNeoMC
82.149.13.81;PloxyCraft
mc.revivedmc.eu;RevivedMC
192.99.38.94:25769;artic mini games
play.blamethegame.net;Blame The Game
mc.wildadventure.it;Server di xGIOZ
GSSurvie.crystal-serv.com:29355;GSSurvie
51.254.182.3;Gothic Network
purpleshep.mchost.pro;Purple Shep SMP
mythicpvp.mchosting.pro;MythicPvP
armouredmc.com;ArmouredMc
73.77.124.198;Trun Trunk
multirealm.hopto.org:40551;MultiRealms
Play.RadianceNetwork.com;RadianceNetwork
37.59.51.136:25586;Galaxynet
158.69.117.129:25777;TrustedMC
192.99.39.239:25571;AlphaRealm
kingmc.sytes.net;KingMC
chromeverse.no-ip.org;Banshee-Gaming
51.254.149.234:25567;Silvercraft
piggycraft.myserver.gs;Piggycraft
192.99.0.143:25146;gaminglevi
192.99.46.97:28475;Xenith Factions
mc.RainbowNation.us;rainbowNation | Friendly | Survival
23.252.116.13;United Network
AlizePvP.com;AlizePvP
158.69.127.185:41883;ObbyPvP
65.78.35.102;Shadowcraft
s16.minespan.com:26760;Infinity Nation
wanderersink.myserver.gs;Wanderers Ink Factions
94.23.255.61:26137;KrystalNation
mineclues.myserver.gs;Mineclues
play.nocterra.online;Nocterra - Survival
chaostheorygaming.org;Chaos Theory Gaming
ImmortalPvPMC.mcph.co;ImmortalPvP
play-oblivion.mcph.co;Oblivian PVP
Cryopvp.tk:26283;Cryo PvP/MiniGames
s16.hosthorde.com:26316;The Void Minecraft server
198.24.175.50;DrakoBones
play.hyperialmc.net;HyperialMC
151.229.89.22;mage quest server
Crzy12232.serv.nu;Cure Factions
mc.minefuture.com;Mine Future
ReactPvP.myserver.gs;ReactPvP
prevailinglegends.mcph.co;Prevailing Legends
158.69.54.234:41127;MiragePvP
mc.riserepublic.net;RiseRepublic
158.69.127.150:40557;DakFactions
serverse.playat.ch;Serverse Network
Spider-Realm.mcph.co:26345;SpiderRealm
99.75.76.220;KinkyKraft
173.208.222.179:25584;Logiverse 
107.202.177.20:65535;ZeusMc
Minetime.com;Minetime
192.99.20.205:40025;NetroCraftex 
100.4.206.225;MiniGames
69.175.52.20;ExtremeCraft
192.95.30.218:27660;OG Sesame Street
carbrinecraft.thegmc.com;NeedStaffCarbrineCraft
192.99.46.95:25599;CraftiaUniverse
craftedfactions.fmc.pw:27105;CraftedFactions | CrazyOPFactions
50.113.22.180;ZombieSwaggerCraft
mc.TheWorldOfLight.net;The World of Light - Factions
mc.TheWorldOfLight.net;The World of Light - Factions
mysticmc.serv.nu;Mystic MC
mc.batcraft.net;BatCraft Network
play.fearlessrealms.co;Fearless Realms
mc.batcraft.net;BatCraft Network
TheNails.myserver.gs;The Nails
162.244.165.21:49271;Scapegoat Gaming
198.27.116.202;Omega Craft Legends
crazy-gamers.ignorelist.com;erol092001
173.236.104.34:25586;Grape Survival
otomaid.com;JTX Server
Play.NickCraft.eu:29938;NickCraft
ac.arneo.eu;Assassins Creed Server
alpha.kaashosting.nl:25583;mineluxe
jayveyserver.g-s.nu:40052;MinionFactions
81.207.118.57;king dom
minexus.org;Minexus
198.27.81.39:25566;ArcadeMania -- KitPvp  Parkour  And More
RadiantPvP.beastmc.com;Radiant Factions
claycrafting.mcph.co;ClayCrafting
84.105.33.168;Twannick-Server
185.114.156.249:26905;EpirosGames
192.99.44.160:41323;Free op server
MagicalTowny.serv.nu;MagicalTowny
158.85.102.106:46409;LyssAilsKingdom
Diamondcity.zapto.org;DiamondCity
Potioncloud.craft-mc.com;PotionCloud I Needs Moderators I
84.81.2.176;DTGNetwork
104.192.1.42:25575;Skyblox
104.192.1.42:25575;Skyblox
104.192.1.42:25575;Skyblox
Platinum.myserver.gs;PlatinumSurvival
PlayDerpPvP.serv.nu;DerpPvP
84.109.225.225;ServGaming BattleCastle
mc.electronmc.com:25708;ElectronMC
Servers-of-Destiny.de;Destiny of War
185.114.156.179:25899;Definitely Not Craft
105.225.190.207;CrankyPants
149.202.92.164:41350;SharkGaming
DerpyNetwork.myserver.gs;Derpy Network Need Staff
209.133.209.169:26909;Minecraft eclypse
hcpvp.com;HCPVP
184.154.29.29:25587;Curium Gaming FTB Infinity
BatMC.serv.nu;BatMCFactions
play.fearlessrealms.co;Fearless Realms
play.aquariousmc.com;Aquarious Network | Relaunched
play.minepixelmc.com;Minepixel 
mc.shiftedplay.com;Shiftedplay
mc.get-wrecked.net;GetWrecked
mc.get-wrecked.net;GetWrecked
mc.minefuture.com;Mine Future
play.stunningnetwork.com;Stunning Network
minigame.blaze.ml;Blaze - Minigames
158.69.117.121:40376;PandaCraft
24.130.145.26;SurvivalCraft
167.114.100.112:25595;PavielPvP
MCInfinity.fluctis.com;Infinity
198.27.81.196:25603;EnderHavenPrison
96.33.160.234;LuminiteMC
96.33.160.234;LuminiteMC
mc.castleman.net;Castle Man
play.zentrela.net;Zentrela
149.56.64.39;Border Craft
insanitynetwork.serverminer.com;Insanity Network-Need Staff
bossguy111.tk;BossguyFactions
96.127.135.58:57321;TacoNetwork
198.50.207.74;A2Craft
arkcraft.us;ArkNation
EmeraldCraft.serv.nu;EmeraldCraft
167.114.100.168:25613;AtomicNation
s8.hosthorde.com:26375;ForestCraft
162.244.165.21:33072;DiamondUniverse
192.99.44.160:41746;SuperCoolCraft
VenomousFactions.MyMc.io;VenomousFactions
grandsurvival.fluctis.com:26577;Grand Survival
69.175.43.41:25586;MysticCraft
LegendaryKingdoms-US.myserver.gs;LegendaryKingdoms-US
trymidi.zapto.org;Trymidi
198.143.157.92:25586;RenegadeFac
starwars.factions.ws;Star Wars Force Wars
WorldOfTurtles.net;World Of Turtles
MagicU.cubed.pro;MagicU
158.69.54.204:40239;PukkoSurvival
s6.hosthorde.com:26366;i Like 2 Minecraft
jollypvp.ddns.net;JollyFactions
198.24.175.60;DynamiteXP
mineserveruy.zapto.org:23398;The Sould Craft
mc.bitraid.us;BitRaid
RetronixPvp.g-s.nu;RetronixPvP
158.69.127.178:41834;mc-craftpropvp.serv.nu
Viper.myserver.gs;Viper Factions - Need staff 
37.59.51.136:25586;Galaxy Prison
60.242.231.223;MINIGAME
104.156.232.216:10070;Papa Johns Gaming
SkySlime.joinmc.eu;SkySlime
HCSquad.mchost.pro;MCSquad
nerubian.es;Nerubian
158.69.226.12:25583;Effervescent Craft
play.gustacraft.club;GustaCraft
ModedDiamond.myserver.gs;Diamond Netowork
85.165.70.106;PEAR
minecraft.serverhole.net;Hit The Meat Network
162.244.164.61:52498;QuiverNetwork
212.19.220.144;NekoTopia
ArcadeKraft.mygs.co;ArcadeKraft
play.rinaorc.com;Rinaorc
playcakecraft.ddns.net;CakeCraft
Play.CooperCraftMc.Com;CooperCraft CityRP
Play.CooperCraftMc.Com;CooperCraft CityRP
Play.CooperCraftMc.Com;CooperCraft CityRP
Play.CooperCraftMc.Com;CooperCraft CityRP
DusThijmen.playsrv.nl;DTGNetwork survival
expvp.serv.nu;ExpPvP
minejoy.com;MineJoy
jalacraft.mchost.pro;JalaCraftMC
73.244.15.245;CannonAir V3
Trumpelcraft.serv.nu;Trumpelcraft Only Skyblock 24/7
fabicraft.ddns.net:25781;FabiCraft
80.47.238.120;Fam Factory
198.24.162.98:63255;WolfNetwork
216.246.146.29;WolfPexFactions
SLgamer1.aternos.me;SLgamer
158.69.22.191:27960;GlacierPVP
play.vulcanmc.eu;MineCharge
159.8.141.199:53861;RubixCraft
192.99.38.21:25824;The World of Maria
play.fearlessrealms.co;Fearless Realms
pvp-thorkits.serveminecraft.net;ThorKits
37.187.139.123:28938;ViperoFactions
108.45.141.182;Testycraft
mc.RainbowNation.us;rainbowNation | Friendly | Survival
piggymc.mymc.io;PiggyMC
play.egocraftpvp.com;EGOcraftPvP
mineplex.eu;Mineplex
darknation.fluctis.com:25957;DarkNation
8.26.94.36:25567;LydCraft
piggycraftsurvival.mymc.io;PiggyCraft
167.114.174.89:25807;ShooterPVP
158.69.127.148:40549;FlatFactions
192.99.0.40:25704;RookCraft
rol.nitrous.it;Realm Of Lothiredon
jsoled.duckdns.org;golden attckes
EonicPvP.mcpro.co;EonicPvP
immunitycraft.factions.ws;ImmunityCraft
eclipsepvp-smp.mcph.co;EclipsePvP
play.regionmc.com;RegionMC
titancraft.hostgamebr.com:31534;TitanCraftBR Faction classico
167.114.1.212:25612;ParadoxPvP
GreenCLubGamers.sytes.net;GreenClubGamers
entites.noip.me;entites need staff
ZodiacPVP.serv.nu;ZodiacPVP
198.100.45.53;Memestar Factions
HCPVP.com;HCPVP
MineSmash.Net;MineSmash
skrubyserver.serv.nu;Skruby Server
projectcookie.mcserver.ws;Project Cookie
beaconcraft.zapto.org;BeaconCraft Br
s13.minespan.com:26935;Need Staff
TomatoCraft.myserver.gs;TomatoCraft
162.244.165.101:55908;TheVCrib
MantisPVP.myserver.gs;MantisPVP
167.114.118.74:41378;OreoCraft
Goldenboycraft.myserver.gs:40884;Goldenboycraft
Survival-Claim.myserver.gs;Survival
spookypvp.mygs.co;SpookyPvP
splashcity.mcpro.co;SplashCity
play.skylarkmc.net;SkyLarkMC
84.108.105.15;skywarsking
herobrineempire.com;Herobrine Empire
play.pyrorealms.org;PyroRealms
play.masterpik.com;Masterpik
factioncraftmc.mcpro.eu:2001;FactionCraftMC
mccosplay.net9.fi;McCosplay
69.30.211.42:25577;TiB Gaming
s17.minespan.com:26486;direwolf20_17
play.getmycms.com;Getmycms
FlurreKits.fluctis.com:25969;FlurreKits
oblivionfactionsmc.us.to;isaac4n1
play.hypnoticmc.net;HypnoticMC
DerpLand.serv.nu;DerpLand
45.35.95.9:25993;Piston Craft
play.snerkcraft.com;SnerkCraft
Jogar-Gamescraft.g-s.nu;GamesCraft
84.84.212.115;Skycraft
steedsgate.mcserver.ws;Steeds Gate
149.202.92.149:40416;Kingdom Server
play.vexelmc.net;VexelMC
fridukcraft.serv.nu;FridukCraft
DevilMC.mygs.co;DevilMC 
play.opticverse.tk:25836;Opticverse
84.200.206.168;SpOOkYKraft.net
play.cyber-spider.com;CyberSpiderNetwork
86.138.162.151;SimplyCraft
play.cyber-spider.com;CyberSpiderNetwork
play.cyber-spider.com;CyberSpiderNetwork
158.69.54.241:25653;CookieCraftBG
play.cyber-spider.com;CyberSpiderNetwork
mc.bedrockservers.com;Bedrock Servers
dynamicnetwork.mcpro.eu;RetractFactions
158.69.127.148:41966;also try InsaneCraft.myserver.gs
extremecraft.mchosting.pro;ExtremeCraft Beta
satoclan.serv.nu;SatoClan
DarkSouls.ddns.net;DarkSouls
162.244.165.41:39125;ChaturCraft
jeecraft.mygs.co;jee craft
Teecraft.myserver.gs;Teecraft
mc-s1.vybrus.com;RUNNER
mc.TheWorldOfLight.net;The World of Light - Factions
192.99.21.123:27356;JBossCraft
creeperland.mygs.co;CreeperLand
Dioncraft.myserver.gs;DionCraft
ApexFFA.us.to;ApexFFA
149.202.36.35:25566;FBG reborn
149.202.66.219:40951;MeteorPvP
shank-tank.net;The Shank Tank
play.mcpz.net;mineplex
jmndxuu.freemine.hosting:25566;RaryCraft
mc.RainbowNation.us;rainbowNation | Friendly | Survival
Endcraft.mygs.co;EndCraft
Endcraft.mygs.co;Staff-Needed
158.69.225.12:25853;Dragons Faction
DragonCraft.myserver.gs;DragonCraft
tgc.mc-server.net;The Gamers Comound
108.170.15.242;ElementalCraft 
chest.mcph.eu;MonCrafters
Cubecraft.net;CraftDios
24.23.177.126;Chunky Pears
play.specialmine.net;SpecialMine
play.yuzucraft.net;Yuzu Craft
DarknessGames.myserver.gs;DarknessGames
nuromc.nitrous.it;NuroMC
slegion.mchosting.pro:27217;Sentinel Legion
werds.mchost.pro;Advanced Kingdom
JrCloudMC.crafted.pro;JrCloudMC
play.worxcrafters.com;Worxcraft
Play.SkoryCraft.com:25576;SkoryCraft
mc.davisodom.com;Old School Minecraft
149.202.83.16:41396;COBIdea MC
canarysurvival.com;Canary Survival
yoloman.myserver.gs;ultra_kevin
fusepvp.net;Fusepvp
illusionpvp.myserver.gs;IllusionPvP
151.177.52.79;CrushCraft
31.208.183.136;SwedishUniverse
5.255.85.203:25910;RoL Revamped
23.95.39.8;BornPvP Hardcore Factions
mc.AtherionRealm.com;Atherion Realm
mc.AtherionRealm.com;Atherion Realm
mc.AtherionRealm.com;Atherion Realm
mc.AtherionRealm.com;Atherion Realm
StormCraft.playsrv.nl;StormNetwork
5.10.110.100;MilkyHub
brancimovies.playsrv.nl;BranciMovies
xenonv1.ddns.net;IronHills
31.3.244.195;GreekRP
31.3.244.195;GreekRP
31.3.244.195;GreekRP
31.3.244.195;GreekRP
31.3.244.195;GreekRP
89.34.96.17:25623;Taladi Kingdom (Tekkit legends)
delaron.mcph.co;Delaron
MineWorld.g-s.nu;MineWorld
167.114.100.222:25767;Pixelblood Factions
play.nocterra.online;Nocterra - Survival
pokecraftplay.mcpro.co;Pokecraft 2.0
pvp.pokufactions.com:43653;PokuFactions
164.132.69.86;Fusion Evolved
skycraft.zapto.org;SkyCraft
garysmonrpg.no-ip.biz;Pixelmon4.2.5 .GarysMon RPG Cracked
radio079.nl;radio079craft
37.187.72.204:27020;SkyCloudMC
play.thecjgcjg.com;CJFreedom
spamcraft.nitrous.it:25631;SPAMcraft
158.69.116.80:40605;Gateway
167.114.100.168:25592;Need Staff
167.114.100.168:25592;Need Staff
167.114.100.168:25592;Need Staff
Undead-uni.mcph.co;UndeadUniverse
PikaDexBr.server-minecraft.pro;PikaDexBr
SlimePvp.myserver.gs:40445;SlimePvp
187.22.139.248;asd
mcpc22.ddns.net;A Good Minecraft server
entities.noip.me;Entities
158.69.122.225:25566;FatalPvP
SwungSword.com;SwungSword
198.27.82.46:27117;Advanced Nation
45.35.11.194:25902;EpicClear
elitefeedom.myserver.gs;Elite Freedom
jogar.invitycraft.com;InvityCraft
philfactions.g-s.nu;PhilFactions
cobre2software.ddns.net;Cobre 2 Software
craft1.ni-craft.fr:25601;SkyPower
mythicpvp.mchosting.pro;MythicPvP
Urmagix.com;URMagix
Crystallake.myserver.gs;Crystal Lake
SubZeroCraft.myserver.gs;subxerocraft
Coolsiege.aternos.me;Coolsiege
ExotyECU.mineservs.com;ExotyCraft
play.purgecraft.net;Purgecraft
galaxycrafter.tthread.com;GalaxyCrafter
173.78.247.192:25566;sadasd
mc.thinkoutsidetheblox.com;ThinkOutsideTheBlox
play.paragon-mc.com;Paragon-MC
ratepvp.ddns.net;RatePvP-Faction
hammercraft.cloudapp.net;HammerCraft-Network
192.99.44.160:41577;Teabagcraft
lobby.BuildingPixels.de;BuildingPixels 
168.1.74.14:33190;AllStarzCraft
TDSurvival.serv.nu;TD survival-not ready
193.111.140.225:26567;DeSpelSkwat
LegendsPVP.mcph.co;LegendsPVP
reflex.mcph.co;Reflex Server PVP Survival
reflex.mcph.co;||| Reflex Server |||
reflex.mcph.co;PVP Survival Skywars Survival Games
reflex.mcph.co;PVP Survival Skywars Survival Games
survivalplay.myserver.gs;Survivalplay - OP-Survival
mc.casualgamingaus.com;Casual Gaming AUS
play.dagelijkshaadee.nl;dagelijkshaadee
play.kwarkkings.us.to;YTGameplay/kwarkkings official server
play.kwarkkings.us.to:25570;OP Survival 1 9 2
82.208.17.34:27861;FellCraft
spx-ca.com;SPX-Network
178.33.223.237;SigmaPlays
diamonds5ever.serveminecraft.net;The Glass Eye
158.69.117.121:40453;NachoNation
45.35.95.9:25974;MC Survival
192.99.36.105:27841;UraniumMC
metric.fluctis.com;Metric Survival
24.168.92.43;Reborn
mc.legendcraft.it;LegendCraft
149.202.66.219:40951;MeteorPVP
192.99.173.185;The Bucket Survival
167.114.1.212:25629;Epic Bunny Server
192.99.21.123:27422;MineBlockade
ParadoxMC.crafted.pro:25535;Paradox Crafting
Trixtercraft.myserver.gs;TrixterCraft | MiniGames | And more
45.35.95.198:25691;RazorMC
play.SwungSword.com;SwungSword.com Factions
play.SwungSword.com;SwungSword.com Factions
play.SwungSword.com;SwungSword.com Factions
viperhcf.com;ViperHCF
creativeplanet.no-ip.org;CreativePlanet 250x250 Plots
play.hivemc.com;scribble nerd
shotgunrealm.mchosting.pro;ShotgunRealms
play.radcloud.net;Crexity // RadCloud
play.minemerge.com;MineMerge
189.89.5.165:26656;Mods porra foda-se
nikmainvideogames.serv.nu;ManuelGamerDP
play.empirenetwork.party;Empire Network
core.myserver.gs;Need Staff
188.220.186.124;ExampleCraft.Net
192.99.44.160:40378;ImmxrtalPvP - Need Staff
178.33.4.205;ModifiCraft
multicraftpublic.mcplay.host;MultiCraft Public 
medievalinspiration.serverminer.com:25588;Medieval Inspiration 
play.confuciouspvp.com;confuciouspvp
pvp.mygs.co;PvP Vanilla
mcserver0001.chickenkiller.com;Great server
renegadecraft.no-ip.org;RenegadeCraft
158.69.127.178:41421;Pure Valkyrie Servers
konquest.xyz;Konquest
smushcraft.zapto.org;SmushCraft - Need staff/players 
mc.atomicpvp.us:25794;Atomic PvP
slashwars.mcraft.pro;SlashWars(needs builders and staff)
GalacticSkyblock.serv.nu;GalacticSkyblock
play.beta-network.net;Beta Network
71.176.39.125;BloXCraft
mc.atomicpvp.us;Atomic PvP
GalacticSkyblock.serv.nu;GalacticSkyblock
Skyblock.A2MC.net;Addicted 2 Minecraft - Skyblock
DiamondCraft.myserver.gs;Diamond Craft
mc.playskybox.us;Skybox
198.24.173.178:30300;Minecraft Network 
aSOCraft-Network.esy.es;aSOCraft Network
play.nocterra.online;Nocterra - Survival
45.59.112.2:26023;Mc Gone Nuts
play.nocterra.online;Nocterra - Survival
192.99.19.190:29030;PieCraft
158.69.24.137:26125;Factions-Unlimited
162.244.165.121:38951;TequilaCraft
solstice.minecraftr.us;Solstice Factions 
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
shiftednetwork.serv.nu;ShiftedNetwork
RoboCraft.myserver.gs;RoboCraft
192.99.20.205:40575;NetroCraftex 
TLMC.mcpro.co;TeamLightningMC
EonicPvP.mcpro.co;EonicPvper
mc.lawlesspvp.net;Lawless PVP
warriorworld.serv.nu;warriorworld
158.69.124.32:41553;AwesomeServers
wafflezforbacon.aternos.me;wafflez
wolf.aternos.org:47767;Cracked server
jakeandkeo.crafted.pro;Mine Guild
45.35.63.45;JCraft
Mineblastf.mygs.co;MineblastFactions
Hub.TheNexusMC.com;The Nexus
192.99.21.123:27422;MineBlockade
mc.astroville.tk;Astroville
galaxycrafter.tthread.com;GalaxyCrafter
192.99.21.123:27422;MineBlockade
192.95.16.200:12780;EpicraftMC
149.202.92.165:40627;KraazzyGTA
192.198.104.194:26213;Icecraft Variety Server
89.163.215.55:25665;Sky.AlphaGoodKill.Ro
134.255.221.200:20050;WhiteEagleYT
OpPrison.mygs.co;WolfCraft
hub.hyquishnetworks.tk;ImaginationsNetworks
play.SwungSword.com;SwungSword Factions
play.SwungSword.com;SwungSword Factions
alpha.kaashosting.nl:25777;YouTube TV Server
sdpark1266.mygs.co;sdpark1266Server
158.69.22.191:28062;TharnCraft
37.187.143.226:40892;AJ Survival
mc33.crew.sk:25577;Freezegaming.eu
DusThijmen.playsrv.nl;DTGSurvival
MineBloxCraftmbc.aternos.me;MineBloxCraft
mgcfactions.mchosting.pro;FusedNetwork
LegacyCraft.Factions.WS;LegacyCraft
xcraft2.mchost.pro;X-Craft
zentia.fluctis.com;ZentiaMC
192.99.150.95:40187;LuckyCraft
mc.aquariousmc.com;Aquarious Network | Relaunched
mc.aquariousmc.com;Aquarious Network | Relaunched
futurepvp.no-ip.org;FuturePvP
blocksland.serverminer.com;Blocks Land
185.114.156.202:25682;Test Server
craftzone.es;||Craftzone||
98.117.4.86;Ancient Legacy BETA
199.96.205.238;ArmedPvP
158.69.54.204:41625;Simple Survival - need staff badly
192.99.44.128:26208;Mini Paradise - Factions
infinitesurvival.primedtnt.com:25993;Infinite Cloud v3
play.aquariousmc.com;Aquarious Network | Relaunched
play.aquariousmc.com;Aquarious Network | Relaunched
192.99.46.97:28331;ChimeraPrison
Adventure-Craft.Fluctis.Com;Adventure Craft
JMTCraft.serv.nu;JMTCraft
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
PvP.SwungSword.com;SwungSword Factions
PvP.SwungSword.com;SwungSword Factions
PvP.SwungSword.com;SwungSword Factions
PvP.SwungSword.com;SwungSword Factions
PvP.SwungSword.com;SwungSword Factions
steedsgate.mcserver.ws;Steeds Gate
mc.mamarosapvp.com;mamarosapvp
151.80.187.53;MineCefer
play.afflictionpvp.com;AfflictionPvP
play.aquariousmc.com;Aquarious Network | Relaunched
play.aquariousmc.com;Aquarious Network | Relaunched
149.202.92.166:40426;DoomLand
play.exoticpvp.org;Exoticpvp fations opfactions creative
bunnyrealms.com;BunnyRealms
hygeamc.fluctis.com;HygeaMC
24.250.205.191;Sylurs World of Riches
158.69.169.178;Solstice Factions 
Ganton.serv.nu;GantRealms
Starverse.beastmc.com;Starverse
66.85.146.235;Assassins Universe
MarrigeCraft.serv.nu;Marrige Craft
mc.unitedeconomy.de;UnitedEconomy
158.69.54.241:25679;ReconPvP
infamouscraft.mcph.co;InfamousCraft
DeathPvP.serv.nu;DeathPvP
mc.atomicpvp.us;Atomic PvP
mcsmp.serveminecraft.net;Minecraft Survival Multiplayer
45.35.95.9:25974;MC Survival
galaxycrafter.tthread.com;GalaxyCrafter
mc.atomicpvp.us;Atomic PvP
mineitalia.serv.nu;Bomb-Minecraft
159.8.141.199:53861;RubixCraft
mc.demrie.com;Demrie
mc.demrie.com;Demrie
mc.demrie.com;Demrie
KingsPvP.mc-server.net;KingsPvP
derpymc.ddns.net:25566;DerpyMC Factions
97.91.92.35;ACEPVP
192.99.148.48:30395;Blaze Universe
158.69.127.149:40204;PenguinPvP
solstice.minecraftr.us;Solstice Factions 
97.91.92.35;kitpvpneedstaff
192.99.19.190:29029;FruityNation Free OP Ce s
minecraft.banshee-gaming.com;BansheeGaming
dcm.cygnusnet.org;Damn Crazy Miners
158.69.127.148:41606;CieoPvP
Rainbowlands.net;RainbowLands
craftaria.no-ip.org;Craftaria
192.3.16.131:25605;Estyre
mc.veriigoservers.com;Veriigo Servers | Factions | Skyblock |
play.GameTurkMC.network;kankalarGaming
mc.SeverePvP.org:25980;SeverePvP Factions Rankup Tokens
YoloSantaTest.serv.nu:41947;YoloSantasServer
elcraft.us.to;elcraft
steedsgate.mcserver.ws;Steeds Gate
s16.minespan.com:26766;NexonWorld
ArcadiaRealm.com;ArcadiaRealm
ArcadiaRealm.com;ArcadiaRealm
ArcadiaRealm.com;ArcadiaRealm
ArcadiaRealm.com;ArcadiaRealm
Championrealms.net;ArcadiaRealm
Championrealms.net;ArcadiaRealm
Championrealms.net;ArcadiaRealm
Championrealms.net;ArcadiaRealm
Championrealms.net;ArcadiaRealm
JourneySMP.net;ArcadiaRealm
JourneySMP.net;ArcadiaRealm
JourneySMP.net;ArcadiaRealm
JourneySMP.net;ArcadiaRealm
JourneySMP.net;ArcadiaRealm
galaxysurvival.ddns.net;GalaxySurvival
sexycraft.net;AquaHD
BatMC.serv.nu;BatMC
steedsgate.mcserver.ws;Steeds Gate
158.69.225.12:25803;Noble Legion
38.140.52.86;Skee Factions
192.95.30.218:26823;Impulse Factions
CrossHeart.mcserver.ws;CrossHeart Survival Whitelisted
kittycraft.ddns.net:25570;Kitty Craft
s16.minespan.com:26766;NexonWorld
s16.minespan.com:26766;NexonWorld
solstice.minecraftr.us;Solstice Factions 
46.105.132.123;Crewdark.es En Construccion
play.overlordnetwork.co;OverlordNetwork
join.thesevensaints.net;The Seven Saints
158.69.226.219:40164;ChickenCraft
eczilla1.serveminecraft.net;ECZilla Official Server
rgl-craft.nitrous.it;RGL-craft
blueshroom.ddns.net;The Blueshroom Network (Staff needed)
plexed.de;Plexed
37.196.163.155:25585;Vanilla server
hsmc.mchost.pro;HSMC - Great Memes and Positive Vibes
162.244.165.131:50272;Nitrogen Nation
192.99.201.226:25596;The MineMerge Network
167.114.209.21:26433;Equinox Network
illuminuspvp.us.to:25623;IlluminusNetwork
illuminuspvp.us.to:25623;IlluminusNetwork
illuminuspvp.us.to:25623;IlluminusNetwork
illuminuspvp.us.to:25623;IlluminusNetwork
illuminuspvp.us.to:25623;IlluminusNetwork
23.229.5.186:25575;PurpleCreative
survival.ifdsmc.es;IFDS
dobos.serv.nu;Dubos Faction Server
s16.minespan.com:26766;NexonWorld
184.154.16.250:26183;Volcanite
mc.infinityhaven.us;InfinityHaven
mc.SwungSword.com;SwungSword.com Factions
mc.SwungSword.com;SwungSword.com Factions
158.69.26.186:25648;AvalonFactions | CustomEnchants | Staff
mc.SwungSword.com;SwungSword.com Factions
mc.SwungSword.com;SwungSword.com Factions
mc.SwungSword.com;SwungSword.com Factions
SwungSword.com;SwungSword.com Factions
CieoPVP.serv.nu;CieoPVP
theo.noip.me;Teh Server
167.114.103.186:25570;AesirNetwork
mc01.serveromat.net:20202;Minelandia Network
TemperedCraft.us.to;TemperedCraft
173.81.41.89;Availa Creative
solstice.minecraftr.us;Solstice Factions 
23.252.116.13;United Network
108.170.17.74:26408;ChiseledNetWork
158.69.225.12:25689;The Forgotten Empire
empires.servegame.com;Empires
mc.RainbowNation.us;rainbowNation | Friendly | Survival
OGNation.mygs.co;OGNation
149.202.70.147:40600;BlockVille
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
162.244.167.41:60139;AereonCraft
timewarpmc.beastmc.com;Time Warp MC
duspariacraft.mcpro.co;DuspariaCraft
us.minepact.net;MinePact
23.252.116.13;United Network
friendlypvp.playat.ch;FriendlyPVP Network
friendlypvp.playat.ch;FriendlyPVP Network
friendlypvp.playat.ch;FriendlyPVP Network
friendlypvp.playat.ch;FriendlyPVP Network
friendlypvp.playat.ch;FriendlyPVP
167.114.0.221:26010;BlueMC
Mc.factionhustlers.com;Faction hustlers 1 point 9
s10.minespan.com:26618;Play Survival With Friendly People
s10.minespan.com:26618;Play Survival With Friendly People
s10.minespan.com:26618;Play Survival With Friendly People
s10.minespan.com:26618;Play Survival With Friendly People
s10.minespan.com:26618;Play Survival With Friendly People
Mc.factionhustlers.com;Faction hustlers 1 point 9
play.mcndsj.com;YourCraft
s16.minespan.com:26766;NexonWorld
Mc.factionhustlers.com;Faction hustlers 1 point 9
sb.cubixmc.com;SkyCubix Skyblock
23.252.116.13;United Network
130.180.201.236:25800;FFFactions
play.BossCraftMC.us;BossCraft Network
us.minepact.net;MinePact
mc.factionhustlers.com;Faction Hustlers
mc.RelentlessMc.com;Relentless Survival/Anarchy
play.cyanidepvp.net;CyanidePvP
shank-tank.net;The Shank Tank
mc.burges.org;Craftopia
167.114.103.186:25589;OriginalityPvP
208.66.79.98:25580;Factions
208.66.79.98:25580;Factions
208.66.79.98:25580;Factions
208.66.79.98:25580;Factions
46.105.59.64;need staff
icmc.noip.me;Western RP
118.137.145.120:25566;SC Minigames
steedsgate.mcserver.ws;Steeds Gate
s13.minespan.com:26885;SurvivalPlus
